I didn't want a foundation that made me look like a doll so the Sephora associate suggested this. It negates any redness and evens out skin tone while blending beautifully. I moisturize before putting it on and only do one layer (I was told that you layer for more coverage) and top off with a light bronzer and blush.You can't go wrong with makeup forever foundations! They are all equally amazing. I would recommend a color match at a sephora store first because they have many undertones and overtones. As a professional make up artist I am always trying new foundations and I ALWAYS come back to makeup forever for the flawless coverageI wanted to love it because I recently had my makeup done and the lady used this foundation on me. I ended up buying it but soon will return because it broke me out super bad! I have oily/ acne prone skin but it made it worse.This product is pretty expensive and is completely not worth your money. I have extremely dry skin, and I was looking for a foundation that could cover my acne. This has no coverage at all!! It made my acne soooooo bad. I have a normal amount of acne for a teenager but this foundation made me breakout so badly and my acne didn't go away until I stopped using this product. I wouldn't recommend this to dry or oily skinned people.So I got this product on recommendation from my Sephora consultant. Didn't really know what to expect, as I had been foundation shopping for a while and couldn't seem to find the right formula. Until this little miracle right here came in to my life. Coverage is amazing, it seems to melt into the skin and become one with it! Goodbye powdery residue! Also I find that it helps keep my dry skin comfortable and hydrated too. When I wear this I get compliments on how nice my "skin" is rather than my "makeup".I really like how a little bit can go a long way and how it has very good coverage in smooth areas but it flakes off my skin. Around my nose area and by my eyebrows it looks really thick. It does not cover any of my pores I feel like it goes around them and makes them way more visible by the end of my day.I absolutely love this foundation!The product gave me good coverage for everyday use but it dried my face to the point that I peeled.Great foundation!!! Medium coverage with a natural finish...I love the how natural and non-cakey it looks but it's definitely not very high coverage, and if you want higher coverage you have to use A LOT of product. I've also noticed that by the end of the day, my nose (which is the oily part of my skin) is very shiny and product comes off very easily there because of it. Would probably recommend if your skin is not too oily and you don't need very high coverage.the coverage is not as much as I like, but this foundation is not heavy like others. if you seek med coverage, try it.I did not like this foundation at all. Did not have full coverage, and did not help with dry skin.I've repurchased this idk how many times.. I loveeeee it I Loveee make up for ever products they are amazingggggThis foundation is good if you want a very light coverage for a small period of time. The longer I wore this foundation, the more dried out my skin looked. For a couple hours it looked good, but anything after about 3-4 hours it was dried out.I've been using this foundation over the last few weeks and its really light and doesn't make my face feel cakey, its medium coverage so when I want full coverage I add in some cover fx custom cover drops. Absoutely no transfer and helps keep my face matte throughout the day ( I have extremely oily skin).I wanted to love this foundation as well because it was recommended to me from people both inside and outside of Sephora like friends and family members. Supposedly it's for combination skin but this foundation didn't work for mine and I wish I read the reviews of people earlier. It made my skin a lot more oily and also made me break out a lot more. If you have skin that is prone to break outs and is oily DO NOT purchase this product. My skin was fine and now it's full of pimples. Also it smears quick and it has to be build up a lot in order to get a good amount of coverage. Barely lasts 3 hours.I first tried this foundation when I was about 13 and it made me break out like crazy. I repurchased recently to see if my skin could tolerate it now that I'm older but sadly i still broke out. It looks beautiful on but wouldn't recommend if you breakout easilyFor the past 6 months this has been my daily foundation. I have dry,red,acne prone skin. I have slight acne and it has done a good job covering it. My days are usually 17 hours long and this holds up pretty good. The coverage is good i love how natural it looks! It literally looks like my skin. Its not cakey at all, and is really easy to apply. I use the urban decay naked concealer with this just for reference. Only complain with this foundation is I wish it was a bit more luminous/dewy. I have dry skin and it looks alright I just like a really dewy look. If you are looking for a long lasting, medium/full coverage, natural, foundation this is for you! I would definitely recommend. I have tried many foundations and this is definitely at the top of my list!Love this foundation for my dry and complicated skin. It's perfect and applied with a beauty sponge gives me a perfect flawless finish. This has been a holy grail for a few years and I have continued to re purchase it.A very pretty foundation. Looks gorgeous on the skin, but I probably wouldn't recommend this to anyone with super oily skin or those looking for a matte finish. This is a dream foundation for those with dry skin or those who love a glowy finish. On hot summer days, I mix this with a more mattifiying foundation and it keeps me from getting too oily while still keeping a beautiful glow. You definitely need to use a little more product with this foundation than others.I really wanted to like this, everyone talks about this foundation. Gave it a fair shot with different everything. lasts only maximum 2.5 hrs on my oily skin. Not worth having around if I have to blot every time.Fantastic! Love it. Great color range and looks natural.I scheduled a makeover specifically to find the perfect foundation-- perfect match, perfect coverage, perfect feel-- and this is IT. I'm 37 with dry skin and a little redness, and this feels light and airy on my skin and covers my ruddiness. I also learned the likely reason I'd had trouble matching myself before: my face has slight pink undertones and my neck, slight yellow. Shout out to Brittany at Tacoma Mall for matching me with the best foundation I've ever used! (Shade: Yellow Alabaster)i have combination skin so my forehead and nose get really oily and the rest of my face is really dry. its also very textured and i have lots of little bumps that i cant get rid of. its been rough trying to find a foundation that works with my skin but this foundation has never failed me! it looks flawless whether i put it on with a brush or sponge. forever my favorite foundation!I've been using it for 6 years now, full coverage yet so lightweight. Gives your skin a very matte finish and looks perfect. A little goes a long way. Highly recommend it, last you a long time as well! Try it!!!!I love this because it looks great in photos. You can also build on it so some days you can have a light coverage, or other days, a heavier one. It is not cakey and stays all day.This foundation is super amazing! I have oily skin but this foundation holds up VERY WELL. The finish looks very skin-like and hides my blemishes. It's medium to full coverage for me. LOVE THIS STUFF!It's not the best or the worst. It's super watery. Literally took me layering it 3 times to get full coverage on my entire face. Too me that's a waste of product to get the results I want with coverage. Did set beautifully though with the HD powder.I really like this product because it has a medium coverage, I found you can really build on this foundation so you can have a lighter coverage some days and more coverage other days. I do have dry skin and I did find that I need to put some moisturizer on before hand but otherwise I love this product!I bought this because it's supposed to be good for dry skin. Not true. It clung to every dry patch and I now never reach for this. Returning asap.I've been looking forever for a good foundation that matches my skin and has good coverage. The Sephora employee who helped me found the right shade on the first try! The best part about it though is that it feels so lightweight. You can put a bit on and it covers well, or you can always add more for more coverage. I usually breakout once or twice a month and it covers my blemishes well. It leaves my skin feeling smooth, and doesn't feel heavy or like I'm just clogging my pores. Price is high but it will be worth it and should last you a long time. Highly recommended!!This foundation feels very light and natural when you wear it. In my case it just leaves a nice natural glow on my skin whenever I wear it. However the coverage is terrible! It doesn't seem to cover up anything. While the foundation can be built up, it only finally offers coverage after quite a few layers. This then leaves cakey patches on the face, preventing the nice natural look I fell in love with to disappear.I spent so long looking for the perfect foundation. I got a sample of this and loved it. I just wasnt sure about love it as much as the price. I decided to go for it ... and i haven't regretted it. Best decision! Covers great, feels lightweight and not greasy. I am in love!I have been on the hunt for the perfect foundation for such a long time. I look for flawless coverage, a long wearing formula, and most importantly, getting that flawless coverage while avoiding looking cakey. This foundation fits that criteria perfectly. I have lots of facial scaring and redness to my face that I generally have a hard time covering while keeping my face looking natural. Using only one layer on my face, I can build coverage in the areas that I need it. The result: a natural, smooth, crease-free finish. I couldn't be more in love with this foundation, I'd recommend it to anyone. .This is my first time purchasing MUFE foundation and I was pleasantly! The coverage is much fuller than you'd expect, which I love. If does take quite a bit to blend it out but so worth it. I set my face with UD All-Nighter and my makeup easily lasts 12-13 hours with minimal touch-up after lunch. 
 Would definitely recommend and purchase again.This is the best foundation ever! Finally a match for my light Indian complexion (in color) with buildable coverage, and a great finish. Looks natural in photos. This product doesn't cause acne, nor does it accentuate lines. I have been using this for years after trying lots of other ones (Clinique, Mac, smashbox, Laura mercier, Estée Lauder, vasanti, you name it!)I have been using this for years. Best foundation ever! Makes skin look flawless. I have combo skin and works great!I love this foundation for it's precise shades and it's natural look but I have dry skin and when I apply this foundation it makes my skin look even drier. Do not recommend for dry skin.I have tried Nars, Cover Fx, Mac, Laura Mercier as well as Urban Decay and I always come back to Makeup Forever. All brands are great, however I just feel as if this foundation is the one that never breaks me out !This foundation is okay. I'm normal/oily and this looked great when I first put it on, but in as little as 30-40 minutes, it was already oily and when I touched my skin it came off completely. I could see the foundation come off with a very light touch. I can only see this foundation possibly working for very dry skin. The coverage is medium and it does feel light weight, but, again, it barely stays on. Wayyy "overhyped".This foundation is a perfect go to summer foundation, or if you like a very natural lightweight dewy foundation. I love that it was a match for my skin tone (very difficult to find as I am very fair) and I love how easy it is to apply and blend. My only complaint is that even with a setting spray, it doesn't last all day and if you touch your face often it will come off very quickly but other than that it is amazing and although I wish it was less expensive, and it didn't last as long as I would have liked, it was still a good purchase and will probably get again.It's not a very special foundation for me. I have combination skin. I didn't find very much coverage of this foundation however it is buildable. I found that if I wanted a full coverage face I had to use a lot of product.I felt like throughout the day it would just disappear off my skin. I was disappointed because a lot of people said it was wonders but I did not see those results. I wonder if the stick version is better.I always comeback to this foundation. Seriously, I try everything, but I always come back to the 3 bottles I have of this. It is great for combo skin, its easily bendable, you can use a beauty blender or a brush. Its always smooth and light weight. I do use a lot of product to get the coverage I want- usually 3-4 pumps.I normally like medium coverage foundations as they smooth out my complexion but they don't look like I have a ton of makeup on but this foundation is patchy and settled into my pores after just minutes of wearing it leaving me with a very strange look of almost holes in my foundation. However it was somehow also cakey on my nose and around my mouth. Did not work for me.To preface, I have combination skin and don't tend to break out and have no acne problems, so I wouldn't necessarily be able to recommend this for skin that requires more specialized attention, but this foundation is HOLY GRAIL for me. Matches my skin PERFECTLY, super light yet buildable. No one can ever tell I have it on, but it evens out my skin tone and mostly covers any occasional spots (I use concealer in addition) and it makes my skin look airbrushed. I literally feel like I can just walk out of my house with only this foundation on and nothing else and look great. I will say I notice my skin looking dewy, and I know that isn't for everyone but that's the finish I like anyway. Looks beautiful and natural and blends like a dream. Also lasts all day!Based on the so-so reviews I didn't think that I'd like this. But I *LOVE* it! I've tried it all:Smashbox, Urban Decay, Mac, Laura Mercier, Lancome, Armani, everyone. I needed something that would make my skin look like the perfect version of itself, very flawless. Nothing heavy, cakey, too matte, too dewy and this is right in the middle. It provides great medium coverage that is buildable if you use thin layers. It has a liquidy texture and that works for me! Comfortable on my dry, sensitive acne prone skin. Great color match in Amber Y445 (equivalent to Mac NC44). It looks totally natural and lasts throughout the day (I do pair it with their setting spray). For the people complaining about not enough coverage, try the stick version because it's full coverage on 1 swipe. I couldn't be more pleased with this.Amazing for dry skin, very natural color and its so easy to apply with the beauty blender. The color selection its really good too!! One of the best foundations ever. The photos with this foundation are amazing!!!Unfortunately I am not a fan of this foundation. This was the first "high end" foundation that I have bought. Although when I first got it I have to admit I thought it was pretty great. I guess the lighting in Sephora will do that. The more times I used the foundation the dryer and flakier my skin became, especially in the nose area which caused my to have a bunch of red spots on my face that I did not have before (Isn't the point of foundation to cover up 'imperfections' ? Not create them) I had no coverage on my under eye area what so ever and that's with primer, color corrector and concealer. I also had to use a lot more of it than I normally would with a different foundation. When you need to use more than you get from a free sample - something is wrong. I think the formula needs revising, BIG time.It isnt a horrible foundation, I see why people love it. It applies nicely and is buildable. But for me personally it doesnt last, my skin gets oilier than usual with it and it oxidizes on my face and by the end of the day i look orange when i have a pretty pale complexion.let me start off by saying i was blessed by the gods with skin that doesn't need a full coverage foundation. for the most part, my skin is clear, and for the bits that aren't, concealer does the trick. But this is NOT buildable without being cakey. Its perfect for me to help even out my base. So its PERFECT FOR ME, but if you have skin issues, it probably isn't for you.I just don't understand why people love this foundation so much. I have tried applying it every which way, I've tried different shades to see if it made a difference in how my skin looked, I just find it gives very little coverage and although you can build it up – sort of, it will get cakey after so many layers, and you end up using so much product each time you wear it if you need good coverage from your foundation. Even though I barely wore it, it was one of the fastest foundations I ever went through. I've come to understand that HD foundations don't necessarily mean high coverage, but more meaning they are undetectable but jeez... I did not find this undetectable at all. Would not buy it again though I really like the stick version :-)I had originally tried this foundation in a sample and ended up LOVING it. great coverage, doesn't crease, and lasts ALL DAY! for everyone saying it's not for oily skin, that's kind of obvious. if you have oily skin, chances are, a lot of liquid foundations are NOT going to work for you. I hardly ever get zits and this foundation was so smooth, doesn't smell bad, and lasted my entire work day. will be buying the full size!I had a 3 months stretch for this foundation, it's like you skin will eat it alway. Don't recommend, unless you have perfect skin!My new go to foundation. I've used mac and tartes foundation for the longest time and now I can't even go back. This foundation has a color that matches me SO well and it's so blendable and not cakey and long lasting. I highhhhhhhly recommend this.I was excited to see the color range in this foundation, the lightest color is perfect for my pale skin. However, I have combination-oily skin and my face was so shiny and oily after a couple hours of wear. The foundation accentuates ANY texture you have on your skin--my nose was slightly dry one day and the foundation only gripped the dry areas which my skin look way worse. I use a primer before and a powder after but they don't help at all. Not to mention it transfers everywhere--clothes, paper, hands. By the end of the day I have red patches on my skin where the foundation rubbed off. Not sure what all the hype is about.I often find foundations have a problem of making me look more orange than I really am, and this was definitely the case. The coverage is very light and doesn't cover any imperfections which it unfortunate with its relatively high price range. I didn't find it to be very buildable either, and it just looked strangely cakey even without covering imperfections. My skin is super dry in the winter so I thought this would help, but there is better out there. Had to return!I feel like if you have normal or dry skin this will be nice for you. It's very light weight and has a nice finish but for oily skin people this will be a total mess. Worst experience ever! My face was grease and disgusting. I gently rubbed the corner of my cheek to remove something and I totally removed my foundation in that area.While this foundation gives amazing coverage, it just wasn't right for me. I found that it settled into my fine lines and showed my pores. Also it is just way too matte.I have tried so many foundations and I feel this is the best out there right now for every day wear and normal skin types. Excellent coverage, looks natural and feels so LIGHT !!Does not cake under your eyes, blends very well.If you need something more FULL coverage I would recommend loreal infallibles full coverage foundation.I use MakeUp Forever for daily use and Infallible for events and more over the top make up looks.I find this foundation pretty good. It has buildable coverage and has a nice finish. I don't like super full coverage foundations so I only use a little. Sometimes on certain parts of my face I feel like things can look cakey, but it's still a foundation I use almost everyday. Just have to be careful.I have some dry little patches on my cheeks and the foundation clung to those and made them look flaky but I exfoliated and the problem was gone :) feels light but amazing coverage! if you have dry skin maybe try exfoliating and trying a really hydrating primer like the Too Faced hangover primerAfter hearing all the hype I just had to try this foundation. It's good, but not what I hoped it would be. Just not my go to, favorite of all time foundation, but definitely could be for others. Required too much bulidup to cover my redness and complexion looked little cakey and cry with so much makeup on.I absolutely love this foundation. I switched to this because my skin became really dry this winter in certain places, but still oily in others. There are enough colors that it PERFECTLY matches my skin tone (which has never happened to me before). By the texture of it, you would think it would feel really cakey and thick on your skin; but it actually is really moisturizing and buildable. It lasts all day with setting spray. LOVEEEMy perfect everyday lightweight foundation. Love this stuff. Very thin and liquidy formula which I personally look for in a foundation. Long lasting and non cakey on the face after a long period of time. Worth the price. Love it! Great for photos as well. No flashback.Pro: Natural look. Light weight. Absorbs fastCon: Price. Light coverage. Requires concealer at times.
 I love how it absorbs so fast and nicely to my face. It just becomes my second skin. However, the coverage is very light. Great for everyday coverage - just enough to cover dullness.I have been using this foundation for about a month now and I really like it. I put it on with a damp beauty blender and so far have had no issues with it settling into my pores/fine lines. It feels very light on my skin. I haven't tried to build up the coverage yet, I normally just wear a light/medium layer, although it does seem to be pretty buildable without feeling heavy. I am a dental hygienist so I wear a mask pretty much all day at work, and I do notice a bit of transfer throughout the day even after setting it.I have combo skin (oily in the t zone) and rest of my skin is very dry during winter. I tried this product after reading reviews and all.. but guess what I got after using it once? (Image attached)Never have I ever been so aggravated with any foundation formula. The acne will eventually go, but the scar will always remind of how much I hate this thing...It looks amazing in photos and everyday. It has really nice coverage and it's nice to blend. The only problem I have with it is that it sticks to dry patches. But this issue can be solved with a little concealer. Plus this foundation lasts pretty much all day with some setting spray.This foundation sits on top of my skin and doesn't mesh. Also has chemical smell. I feel it is very overhyped.Usually I stick with Clinique's foundation but I wanted to try something new. After trying several foundations at the store, I took this home with a sample and purchased it just in case. After applying moisturizing and using a foundation brush and then an oval brush, it still showed dry patches. I finally discovered if I blend it with my fingers, it looks fantastic!I wanted to love this. 
 I applied it with a beauty blender over porefessional by Benefit, and it applied beautifully at first-- I was really excited! 
 However I looked at my face about 3 hours later and it has bubbled up into a greasy mess that somehow clung to every single dry patch on my face and even created more. So not cute.I love love love this foundation! This was the first high end foundation I bought and it is perfect for my skin. I have really textured skin and this foundation doesn't emphasize it at all. It starts out being fairly light coverage but it is very buildable to about a medium to full coverage. If you have oily skin I would definitely set it really well and use a mattifying primer because it tends to get shiny throughout the day. Other than that if you have textured skin this is the foundation for you!I havent owned many foudations but this one is my favourite so far. You can really build the coverage and its super light weight, i dont eve feel it an forget i have it on.It seats great in my oily skinThis foundation is very lightweight but that's about the only positive thing I have to say about it. It is SO SO drying. My skin pretty much was scaling by the end of the day. It's itchy and made my face feel so tight. If you're really dry do not buy this. You will be so uncomfortable!I wanted SO badly to like this foundation! I was looking forward to getting to the closest Sephora (2 hours away) and finding the shade I needed and FINALLY purchase this product. The first time I tried it it felt oily and looked pretty sheer. It was buildable and I figured maybe I'm doing it wrong, so I didn't think anything of it...until I looked in the mirror halfway through the day. My pores looked GIANT and it had slid all over my face. It's a wonder none of my coworkers didn't say anything to me about how terrible my face looked. The shade matched my skin tone really nicely, but even with a primer, setting powder and setting spray it slipped off my face and did not last. I was hoping this would be the foundation I wear for my wedding, but there's no way it would last. I will definitely be returning this the next time I get back to Sephora. So frustrating!I am guilty of finding foundation that works well enough and am not good at trying any new outside of the box. I am so happy I received this sample to force myself to try this. It works great for me! I have normal skin with occasional breakouts. This covers blemishes, does not seem to create new ones for me and feels light weight. I also feel like my face looks flawless. I will be buying this full size and this is my new go to.I have a lot of allergies and find that Mac foundation and the naked foundation have both made me irritated after a while, received this as a sample and OMG I have never had a more flawless, lightweight, amazing foundation. I'll be buying this for the rest of my life.i absolutely love this foundation it makes my skin so flawless ,this is my first time trying this but i am not addictedDon't know why people don't love this foundation!?!? For me, it blends easily, gives me great coverage over the redness and some pimples I have on my face, and has lasted me for over 6 months!! Best foundation I have EVER used. It gives me a flawless face and I always get compliments every time I use it. I LOVE IT!!This one just didn't work for my dry skin. It would cling to dry patches and look cakey throughout the day. I ended up returning it, unfortunately.I love how it doesn't feel too heavy on my face. I can spend an entire day at work and not even realizing that I'm wearing foundation. It gives good coverage as well, making it a winner on all fronts. Definitely buying again.Love it! I replaced it with the smash box foundation and it's way lighter with great coveragehad high expectations .. wasn't full coverage at all. foundation was extremely thin and runnyTrying to replace my discontinued Smashbox foundation and this is the second fail I've wasted $$ on. It goes on in a film that lays on top of my skin, showing streaks and settling into every pore and fine line within moments. Highlights any dry patches, too, for an extra bad look. I tried different application methods because so many people love it, thought I was doing something wrong. Just impossible to get a good finish. Boo.This is the best foundation. Great if you want a light look OR you can build for full coverageI've used almost everything under the Sun! This foundation is my newest and best go to! Was looking for medium to full coverage that looks natural and this is it! Smells nice. Need only a few small pumps. A little goes a long way. Leaves no shine or sheen. A picture perfect finish. I also love that it has a lightweight feel.By far the worst foundation I have tried. No, second worst. I have heard so many raving views and amazing stories and whatnot. So why not? I tried it and it did stick to the "medium coverage" it offers, but it is awful for dry skin. My skin is normally dry in the winter anyways. But this foundation basically highlighted any dry areas and made it look so much worse. It was not a buildable foundation. Which I was fairly disappointed in. The foundation looks flawless in the morning but it oxided throughout the day and completely changed colors. I looked like those dwarfs from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Never again.SWEAR by this foundation. I have changed many times to different brands, but some how always end up going back to itI recently just started getting into foundations. I used to just use a tented moisturizer as a base, but I am really liking this product. It doesn't make me too oily at the end of the day and powder and other products sits well on it.A nice lightweight coverage that doesn't look cakey or thick. Only takes a small amount on a beauty blender. Easily blends if u need a heavier foundation on certain spots.I have tried tons of different foundations and this is my new holy grail. I knew it was time to buy when I kept looking for free samples of the foundation. I will always buy this. I have dry skin in the winter and oily in the summer and it works great for either.The old formula was magical for my skin type. This new formula is thicker and dryer which is no bueno for my dry skin. That being said, it's still much better quality and blends better than any other foundation I have tried thus far. So I stick with it but use oil added to the foundation for more moisture.This is by far the best foundation I've ever used.... and I'm a bit of foundation addict. It's got great smooth coverage. It doesn't dry out.... it's LONG lasting. It doesn't separate and works well with all other cosmetics I've used. LOVE LOVE LOVE! Oh, and I'm 47 years old.... no creasing in any little lines!My daughter raved about this and I needed new foundation and asked to be color matched and deserves every award they have gotten.I absolutely love the coverage this foundation gives me! I walked into Sephora with hopes of finding a good foundation for my combination skin and I have to say this is one of the best. It is light yet coverage is buildable without looking cake and it gives me that dewy glowy look I crave when doing my makeup.It was definitely invisible it had no coverage!! Didn't care for it at all.Covers great. Matches my skin tone, lightweight.. worth the priceI love this foundation so much! The color is super forgiving so I can use it even when I'm slightly tanner and the coverage is insane! The first time I tried it out, I almost didn't even have to use concealer!I have used many different foundations..This one is the best. It's sheer, but build-able. It looks very natural.I bought this as a recommendation from a sephora employee! This foundation is perfection in a bottle. This has a light to medium coverage. If you are looking for something full coverage this definitely isn't for you. The foundation sits beautifully on the skin and is very natural looking like your skin but better. I have combination skin and suffer from an extremely oily t-zone I always make sure to apply a primer with oil control except for during the winter months when my skin tends to get dry. I would set with a powder unless you are looking for a dewy finish. The color range is unbelievable in this line as well so I'm sure you wont have a hard time finding your shade :)Not for dry skin , isn't full coverage.makeup forever ultra hd is my oldfaithful foundation I use over and over again, it has buildable coverage and its super lightweight. ive tried other foundations, spent more extremely more money on them and I still come back to this awesome product!In theory, I love this product. In practice, not for me. I have combo/dry skin and it found every single dry patch on my face and both clung and amplified them. The color and texture are beautiful but just wasn't good for me unfortunately.It is pretty sheer, doesn't even cover my freckles. I'm very pale so I was a fan of the color. My skin is combination, but in the winter very dry. I apply this over primer and it separates everywhere, it doesn't cover my chin/cheeks or my nose what-so-ever. It's a real bummer.This foundation is medium coverage but is definatly buildable. It has a beautiful natural finish. If you're someone that's new to foundation, this is a great start. It isn't extremely long wearing but it doesnt crack or fade in a bad way.I am a serious foundation junkie. I spent years trying the latest and greatest from drugstore to very expensive brands. This by far is the best. Let me state, I have good combo skin (drier in winter) and was looking for something buildable and not cakey. Too many full coverage's make your skin look older and less attractive. You want your skin to look pretty and flawless and like SKIN. This foundation is it and last me through the day. I use a primer from Mally and I have no trouble with it during my long 12 hour shift. I feel like my skin looks younger and more vibrant. I also use a cream blush from IT Cosmetics. Ladies, please stay away from powder blushes after 30. Your skin looks more glowy with cream blush. Check out celebrities like JLo and Jessica Alba and such. All wear cream blush. If you need more coverage, just add more. I also put this on with a Kabuki brush and buff it in my skin.I received a sample of this foundation with my recent Sephora order. I was really excited to try it but ended up being very disappointed. The color in the sample was a perfect match to my skin-tone, but it was very sheer, did not build easily, and within two hours some had already rubbed off my nose. I also noticed it settled into the creases around my eyes and mouth within three hours.this foundation is the best i've ever tried its not full coverage but it is buildable if you wants full coverage. i was thinking it wasn't gonna work for me bc i have oily skin but it made my skin like fresh a dewy! they also have a very wide selection of colors which is great.Honestly, this foundation is the BEST. I'm Irish, and I am EXTREMELY pale. This foundation actually matches my skin tone. I use the color 'Alabaster' and it's perfect. It's medium coverage, but it's buildable!! I totally recommend this.My holy grail for events or any time I get photos taken with flash. In person it looks nice has a natural finish, but it perfects my skin so much in photos that it's unbelievable. I do go through the bottle quite fast. But to me it's worth it.Really nice consistency but not to major coverage. Really good for people who wear makeup on the regular but definitely needs a concealer to cover imperfections.I bought this foundation because I heard some good things about it. I have oily/dry skin. When I put this foundation on at first, it looked really good. But as the day went on.....it made my skin even more oily and I looked like I was sweating when I actually wasnt.This fountain is the best thing you will ever put on your face. The color range is fantastic. Blends beautifully. It blurs out your face creating a blank canvas. Without a primer I have found that it will last 12 hours. With a primer will easily last well over 24 hours. The only negative thing I have about this beautiful product it when worn over 12 hours it will show pores and sink into wrinkles. Which is something to expect with any foundation.I love this foundation it's beautiful and I feel like it's full coverage on me. I only wear it if it's a special occasion but I just love it will be picking another one upIts definitely light to medium coverage foundation which is perfectly fine for me since my skin is not bad. It leaves a beautiful natural finish, unfortunately it doesn't last as long as I wish it would which is why I gave it 4 stars. None the less I would repurchase.I put on this foundation and i honestly loved it at first, throughout the day i noticed that it started to fade away and some parts of my face looked like nothing was there. I wanted to try out this product for awhile before tossing it and it just doesn't work i noticed this foundation will "leave" your face throughout the day. I tried several techniques but I'm not sure why it didn't work, maybe its just me.I'm super disappointed that I didn't like this foundation cause i really wanted to. It matched my skin perfectly but it's very light and doesn't cover blemishes. If I have decent skin with no active pimples then it's good and light for summer but for days that I need those pimples covered this doesn't cut it. It's buildable to medium coverage but it doesn't last long enough. Half way through the day I can see my skin peek through from my nose and cheek. I read such good reviews and wonder why it doesn't work for me.I had a sample of this in the wrong shade, so I bought my shade and ended up returning it. The formula would not set on my dry to normal skin, and half way through the day I saw that it was completely gone from my nose. It also didn't have quite the coverage I was hoping for, so unfortunately it didn't work for me. 2 stars because they actually have a decent shade range, and more than one option for pale skin.I looove the MUFE HD stick but when I'm wanting a less dewy matte look I grab this one. Good coverage, buildable and lasts most of the day. I have dry skin and this foundation still works for me along side my Mac prep and prime primer. I've got Olive skin tone and use 153 and 128 when I'm palerI am a light/medium olive complected person and I received a sample of this in the color Y245-Soft Sand. Now my color IQ match says I need a Y355-Neutral Beige. I am a Y107 according to the color IQ. When I first applied the foundation I thought it was going to be too pale for my skin tone (I looked washed out). However, as I applied it, it began to oxidize on my skin and actually, by the time I was done, it matched my skin tone. So the Y355 might actually end up being the wrong shade for me if it oxidizes to that degree. The makeup wore well and completely covered all of the rosacea redness I have on my face (1st time ever) without being cakey. I applied it with a beauty blender sponge and that worked out well. So if makeup has a tendency to oxidize on your skin you may want to go in to a store and get a more precise match as I think the color the IQ picked for me would have ended up turning too dark and probably turned an orange-ish color on me. It wears very well and to a degree, is waterproof. When I went to remove it I had to apply my makeup remover to my face before the makeup began to come off, it didn't just easily rinse off. I think one of the reasons it worked so well is that I used a Makeup Forever primer with it and I have always heard use the primer that goes with the makeup, well it worked this time anyway. I will definitely consider purchasing the full size in the future.I went to Sephora with a lot of YouTube research under my belt. I really just wanted a light to medium coverage foundation that evened out my skin tone and wouldn't make me look like an oily hot mess. I got color matched and this was my number 1 top match so I thought sure, why not? My color match wasn't spot on so I need to exchange it BUT the foundation itself is lovely! It is truly like wearing nothing. I use the primer and setting powder with it and it is amazing. This foundation oxidizes so be aware of that, I think that's why my color is slightly off. It blends seamlessly with a beauty blender and can be built up to medium coverage. This is not a full coverage foundation. I have super oily skin and I like a natural look, I hate looking like I'm wearing a ton of makeup and this works for me. The 4 stars is because if is hard to wash off. I use makeup remover, but it is really best to wash your face with a cleansing brush to make sure it is really lifted from every surface of your skin. It sets deep in there. Which I like, but it is difficult to wash off.It is not long wearing BUT it is so good to my dry skin in the winter.the foundation is beautiful if you are looking for sheer to medium-lught coverage. it is buildable. great color selection. would repurchase because I have acne and I'm oily but it doesn't make me look extra oily and doesn't look cakey AT ALL.It gives a good amount of coverage but it feels weightless. I love itMy BFF recommended this foundation to me and I couldn't be happier! Very Long Lasting and It provides full coverage ! No need to put on a lot , a simple drop is enough to cover up ! Will be purchasing again.it's hella sheer, makes me look like i stuck my face in a vat of oil right when i put it on, and it takes like 5 layers to get any coverage, not worth the price unless you already have perfect skinNot the best, the stick foundation is way better. You have to layer it to get actual coverageIt wasn't terrible but not great either. It clung to my dry patches and I have oily skin, medium coverage at best and not build able. Very underwhelming.I have dry skin from living in Alberta's weather here in Canada and i've struggled to find a foundation that is long wearing and suitable for my skin. I've been wearing this foundation for 2 years now and i've never looked back! It can be as light weight as you want (i mix it with an illuminating primer bc i love looking dewy) or as full coverage as you want for nights out. I also love that it has so many different colours, i never have to mix and match again! I usually go between a couple shades from winter to summer since i am olive and tan easily and i just get someone at Sephora to match me and i'm good to go! Thanks Make up forever :)Foundation slides half through the day, is it buildable & i wouldn't even say medium coverage, not for oily skinI have been wanting to try this foundation for a VERY long time. I haven't had the best of luck in the past. I always seem to get a foundation that sits on my skin weird, or make me look super oily. But this foundation is PERFECT! It looks really natural on my skin. It doesn't make me look oily, and lasts ALL DAY (I work 12+ hr shifts and it was STILL THERE)! Seriously, it was definitely worth the money!I love this foundation! I am extremely pale and I get the r230 colour. It blends sooo smooth and flawless. I feel amazing and it's so lightweight!! If you want an amazing foundation! Get this!The reason I am giving this foundation only 3 out of 5 stars is because, while I DO BELIEVE that this is a great foundation - potentially one of the better "pricier" foundations on the market right now - this product did not work well for my skin type, despite the product supposedly being wearable for all skin types. On my cheeks, forehead, and chin, the foundation wore beautifully on my skin, blended well, and had medium coverage. It was also very buildable; with an extra layer, this foundation could easily pass as a full coverage foundation.However, on the parts of my face that are particularly dry, such as my nose, around my eyes, and under my chin, this foundation made my dry skin very prominent, no matter what type of primer was underneath or powder/spray I used to set the foundation.For someone with little to no dry skin, this product has the potential to be a holy grail product. It just did not work with my skin.Not sure how this is advertised as good for oily skin. It's definitely not. But you just can't beat this classic formula. Color is perfect. Lasts all day and looks gorgeous in the skin.This foundation is a great foundations for starters or people who just want a foundation that is easy to work with. It has amazing shade selection. out of all of the foundations i own its the most one that matches my exact skin tone. It has a medium to full coverage. To get a full you definitely have to build it up. It has a beautiful natural finish. Not too dewy or too matte. It is great for all skin types. I have used it on many deferent clients with different skin types and everyone likes it. It does look great in pictures since it is an HD foundation. Also, i prefer it with a beauty blender than with a brush. It gives it a great finish. If you have oilier skin you may have to set with a light powder. Everything sits great on top of the foundation and it wears great through out the day. If you want FULL FULL coverage it cannot give you it.This is not a good foundation, at least for me. It does not sink in and blend in with my skin, it just sits on my skin. Also, it does not have good coverage, and it is very hard to build up coverage. It did not cover up my redness whatsoever. And it clung to my dry patches. Not great. Not even good. My only positive for this foundation is that it matches my skin tone perfectly. But sadly, I'll be returning.I really wanted to love t because everyone raves about this product but it doesn't work well with my combo skin. I have dry and oily skin. the oily parts separated and looked caked even with setting power. idk what it is. also the counter lady matched with a shade that matched my visible body parts like arms and legs... lol . Idk I found it rather odd to have a darker complexion than I'm used to. I feel I looked very different ...This product looks very natural on my face for the first few hours but starts to break down after noon ish and i don't even have oily skin at all. I really wanted to love this foubdation but the longevity is lso poorWas sold to me as a high coverage foundation.. it certainly is not that.I have combination skin. Within an hour, this foundation was sliding off my face. I tried multiple primers and setting powders, but could not get this to work for me.I really wanted to love this foundation and was told several times that this was perfect for oily skin. I found that when I primed my skin and started to apply the foundation it looked absolutely horrible... I tried changing my moisturizer, foundation, primer, even using a different brush to apply but it did not sit nicely on my face whatsoever. I also found that it didn't last on my skin and it started sinking into my pores and my face got really oily after just an hour or two.Holy grail foundation! Perfect finish and perfect buildable coverage. Looks good both when you apply it with a brush and with a BeautyBlender. Have recently repurchased my second bottle. It also has a nice pump.I received this foundation as a free sample and I am loving it. It is buildable and lightweight. It has a natural finish. Love it.... Love it......Love it.......To me it's super lightweight! Also it tended to make my skin look dull. Not a fan of the way it sits on your skin! Far from full coverage to me !!!Very thin coverage, almost like a BB cream to me. This was my holy grail for a while in high school but I'm over it to be honest. Its okay for mixing with other foundations and is build able but even two pumps is too little. I wouldn't apply with a beauty blender as the coverage is very sheer, a buffer brush is better. Some pros, however, the amount of color options are insane and provide perfect matches. Also it doesn't even look like or feel like you're wearing makeup. Makes your skin naturally even. More of a day foundation than night. Not worth the price.Love this foundation! Looks just like skin. Lightweight and buildable to whatever coverage you desire. However, I strongly suggest going to a make up forever store and getting color matched. The color iq is not accurate and you need a real make up artist to match your undertones. I thought I didn't like this until I found my correct shade, now I won't use anything else.I absolutely love makeup forever hd foundation, the color is spot on and the coverage is unbelievable. I'm on my third bottle. Would highly recommend to anyone.I'm not sure why everyone is saying this is a heavy foundation. I found it to be light and buildable. Just one layer for me has almost a natural look which is why I like this foundation. I love that it comes in so many colors!If you want a full coverage foundation that literally covers every blemish then this is it. It is definitely not a everyday foundation (at least not for me) because it's pretty heavy, however if you want a dramatic full coverage foundation that will make you look flawless this this is definitely it. It blend so good and a little goes a long way. It only takes a little for a full coverage look and you can definitely build on it for more dramatic make up. Overall love.Great formulation. The foundation is thin, so you apply it in layers to get the desired coverage. I have moderate rosacea, and this covers it right up.I absolutely love this foundation. I struggle with dry skin, and with the help of a sephora employee I was matched with this gem! I wear R220 and it compliments my skin wonderfully. Great medium coverage, easily blendable, doesnt cling to acne or dry spots (yay!) and isnt drying!After using MAC cosmetics for many years, I was ready for a change. As always, sephora has excellent customer service (reason for leaving MAC cosmetics) and matched me perfectly to this formula. I can not say enough amazing things about this foundation. I apply with a foundation brush and it looks natural, however is formulated to build for a dramatic look as well. I am also very acne prone and have no issues with this, great product! Thankyou sephora!!It's an okay foundation...not worth such the hype. Someone used this on me for a photoshoot and it looked good on camera, however, it is very heavy and not for an everyday look!! Downside was I could FEEL it on my face and I absolutely hate that. Not for me.I started using this foundation recently and love how it looks on me - it provides light coverage and the color matches are great. It applies easily and stays all day. I will be switching to using this foundation permanently once I finish up the rest of the one I was using previously.I bought this expecting it to be able to stay on and cover up what I needed it to. It barely covers up my freckles and is sliding off my face by lunch time. I cant even touch my face without it coming off easily. Would not recommend if looking to cover up or wanting to stay on. It also becomes very sticky once it dries.I bought the foundation y415 and after about 2 weeks when I got it the foundation seemed to look darker on my skin and in the the bottle. This made me so sad and heartbroken because I wasted $43 on something that not worth it. I like wearing makeup because it helps my confidence and look pretty but when something that's going to make you look fake then it's like why Did I buy this in the first place.This lasted me through two hours of rugby practice! It was incredible! I looooove this!Yikes! I bought this last spring and it was a GREAT summer foundation. Very natural looking and buildable if needed. I wore it to a summer wedding and got tons of compliments!
 But I went to get a winter shade a few months ago and this seems so different! It looks SO dry, doesn't hold up on my cheeks and nose. It looks REALLY cakey and clings to fine lines around my mouth and under my eyes that I didn't even notice before trying it. It also starts to flake off in certain areas. What the heck happened to this foundation? NOT good on more dry winter skin, but also didn't hold up around my T-zone... very confusing.I had originally received a sample of this and I loved it! It was a nice consistency, made my skin look smooth, and matched my confusing skin tone. I purchased the full sized version, which upon using it the first time, still looked great! The formula was thinner and the color was a little bit lighter, but it still looked fine. However, after using it more after that, it sunk into my huge pores, and made all fine lines on my face visible. The foundation seemed to also mix with the oil on my face and just sit on top of my skin making me look...well, gross. In person, every blemish and flaw was visible, but in photos it was okay. This foundation seems suited more for people with drier and clearer skin than me. I wish I had returned it, but I use it to mix and lighten with a temporary drugstore foundation that is a tad bit too dark. Def not worth the moneyi've tried tons of different foundations from kat von d, naked skin, all nighter, and so on.... BUT I LOVE THIS! light to medium coverage and it lasts all day. i set it with a powder and it doesn't cake up or break up throughout the day. i've worn this foundation for 10 hours some days and am amazed at how good it looks! will repurchase 100%!It initially has a nice soft glow. Then it melts off and cracks. I have normal to dry skin and it made me break out after two uses. I haven't had a single blemish in months until using this. Returning.So beautiful! Medium coverage, lightweight, looks great on my skin! It doesn't look cakey, oily, or dry. Very radiant.I keep coming back to this foundation time and after time. I have very dry skin so when I find a foundation that doesn't cake my face it's a life changer! Not full coverage but that's one of the reasons why I love it! Applies beautifully with a beauty blender.I wanted to love this and it was recommended at two separate locations, but I tried using it with 3 different primers and then without a primer and every single time it just sat so severely in every line and pore. I'm just passing the mid-twenties mark, I should not look like I'm in my late 50s with the way this sat in minor wrinkles and fine lines. So drying as well. I was so sad, because it was one brand that had a color that matched my skin so wellI feel like this product doesn't live up to its claims. It won't stay all day . Makes me look like a greasy Poutine after a few hours , clings to dry skin . The range of shades isn't very extensive. Not worth the hypeThis is a very good foundation. If you are dry, like me, I recommend mixing one drop of facial oil (I used baobab or marula oil) for 2.5 pumps which gives a good medium-full coverage. It looks very natural and skin like and the only issue I have is that I do have to set it, but it stays on all day when I do. I use a damp beauty blender to lightly pounce laura merier translucent powder all over my face and I always bake around my nose and smile lines, which is where I always crease. However, this foundation stays put, doesn't get oily when used with a drop of oil and my tarte shape tape concealer and feels pretty lightweight!It was well rated which prompted the purchase; however I wish i hadn't picked it up. It does not offer good coverage at all. It looks very blotchy to me and offers very light coverage which wasn't what i expected.I purchased this foundation because all of the raving reviews, but it just isn't for me. It is lightweight and looks great after I first apply it but starts to settle in my pores (even with primer) and look cakey after about two hours.I have been using this product for years! Great, long lasting coverage.The first foundation I have ever found a true shade match. Nice coverage and finish. However, tried with multiple primers and setting powders, but all my texture seemed to be emphasized. Sunk into pores which did not make me happy. But I still give it four stars bc I've never found a shade match ever and I think it's a really good foundation otherwise. It does look really pretty from a conversational distance. But close up, ugh. I know it's just my skin, but I think a lot of people have texture. Another thing was it's not super long lasting. I need it to stay on for 12-16 hours but it broke up way before then. Touching up helps with that. (I have combo dry with oily t zone. ) And it transfers easily. But it is pretty otherwise so I'm still giving it four. It's one of the better ones I've tried, it's just not the best. Too many flaws to keep for the price, even despite the perfect shade match.Expected a lot more out of this brand of foundation. Not worth the price. Goes on ok and very light coverage and doesn't last all day. Won't be purchasing it again.I have very sensitive skin and this foundation is brilliant on it. Has build able coverage, lightweight and is amazing. I love itBuildable overage, long wearing, so many shades and over all a great product. This is my go- to foundation and I wear it almost every day. I keep it in a few shades so I can continue wearing it when I more tanned etc.This brand was the closest I've gotten to the NARS velvet matte foundation look and I love it ! It look like natural skin when I wear it. Can't even tell I'm wearing anythingFor an HD foundation with a a brand name like Make Up Forever I expected better. 
 This actually emphasized the pores on my cheeks even when applied with a foundation brush and than blending with a sponge. My husband, who notices nothing when it comes to make up, noticed. The cost is too high and if you have scent allergies this one is a no-no. 
 The coverage was pretty good for my red cheeks so I'll give it a star for that. 
 I wish I had returned this before it was too late.I picked up on all the hype around this Make Up For Ever HD foundation, so I went to Sephora and got a sample along with two other brands. This one was by far my favourite of the three, and buying it was one of the best makeup decisions I've ever made!! It really doesn't cake or look visible on your face at all like other foundations. (HD for REAL). 10/10 would recommend.I tried this in store and it looked beautiful and lasted all day and the shade range is amazing but it broke me out very badly. If you have sensitive breakout prone skin this may not be a good idea but otherwise it's a great and beautiful foundation.I really wanted to love this. I had a custom makeover done in store and this was the foundation the cast member used on me. I liked it enough to buy it myself and try in everyday wear. I've been trying to make it work for a week or so but I'm going to have to return it. I've got combination skin that has some pretty dry patches in winter, and this clings to those spots. It separates and comes right off of my oily chin and nose. Absolutely can't understand all the hype behind this product.This is one of the best foundations I've tried. The only foundation I like more is Makeup Forever in a stick formulation. This is a medium coverage, whereas the stick seems more full coverage. Although this one is build able also. The colour matched my skin perfectly.I started using MUFE HD foundation in 2008 and have been very happy with the product. At least once a year I try to find a better foundation but I always end up purchasing this one for the way it looks and feels on my skin. I like that I can build up (I have some acne scars) and it doesn't look caked on. I personally don't see too much of a difference between the old and new formulas (HD vs Ultra HD) but I'm happy with the product and will continue to use it until I find a better one.Im Y405. This is the only foundation that has matches perfectly to my skin. So glad I found it. My search for the perfect match is over!I really wanted to love this, but it just does not live up to the hype. I have dry skin and this foundation not only clung to the dry areas, it made my skin so oily after a few hours of wear that my boyfriend asked me why I was so greasy looking...unfortunate situation. Additionally, I have always struggled with hormonal acne and this product made me break out like craaazy, no matter what time of the month. The only good thing about this is that during those few hours when you first apply it, it looks great in photos. Not meant as an everyday foundation, I guess.The finish on this foundation is really nice, it's not super dewy and it's not matte either. It has a really pretty natural finish, which I really like. Medium coverage but can build up. I apply this with a Morphe M439 and it looks flawless. I have normal skin and use the Too Faced Hangover primer with this. It does settle into the fine lines on my forehead a tiny bit, but not a huge problem for me personally. It doesn't oxidize which is a huge plus for me because I have fair skin. Overall, I really like this foundation. Great for everyday use.no break outs :) and works great !This product was a huge let down for me. I heard so many good reviews, but since the first day, it had its good days where it cooperated with my skin. (Combination skin). After a few weeks, it started settling in all my trouble areas, and it would crease and dry and it would make my skin look extremely cakey and flaky. Keep in mind I never build this foundation up, I always used one layer, a thin one too. I wish I could have returned this sooner but for 3 months I tried to make it work. It's a no from me.The best foundation I have found. Beautiful finish, does not make me break out.I have only ever tired one other face makeup which was the tarte BB cream or whatever and it didn't settle into my pores. I have given up until a sephora employee directed me to this and I LOVE IT! It's such a natural finish on my skin, it does a good job at covering my redness and stuff. Overall highly recommend this for someone who isn't that into wearing foundation.I decided to keep this foundation because I LOVE how light it feels on my skin (literally like I'm wearing nothing at all) and because somebody else bought it for me, but I wouldn't pay $43 out of my own pocket for it. As a test, I did half my face with drugstore foundation and half with this - no difference that I could see except for how light this one felt. To be fair, my drugstore foundation is pretty good, but I just don't feel the need to pay over 4 times the cost to get a brand name. I'm a little disappointed, since I've been looking for a foundation that really blows me away, but I'll enjoy using the one that I have while it lasts.It's worth noting that the shade range is really impressive. I am painfully fair and the Sephora employee who helped me went through several brands before we found one pale enough. I believe they also make it in darker shades which many companies neglect, so props for that.not as long lasting as other foundations I've used, but the finish is absolutely beautiful and the shades are so vast that you're bound to find one that matches your color. This foundation is a real bang for your buck.I wanted to love it but made my skin look quite textured and I used it with a couple primers that I absolutely love but it just didn't work with me made me oily without 1-2 hours and I have combo skin but gets dry in the winter/fall a bit. Not for me.I was looking for a light to medium coverage foundation however this foundation is too sheer. Also, I have dry skin so I was hoping it would be hydrating like it claims. However after using different primers and techniques I found no matter what this foundation was always cakey and separated.I use this with Makeup Forever's skin equalizer primer and apply it with a kabuki brush. I have oily, fair skin. There isn't anything too special about this foundation. To get full coverage, you have to cake it on and waste a lot of product. I personally don't like the way it makes my skin look dead. It strips away the vibrancy in my face, creating more steps to achieve a decent makeup look.Love the Ultra HD in stick and liquid. I use this a few times weekly. It has a lovely natural finish, looks like skin and lasts through my day. It blends well. I find I use really very little and I get even skin tone that still looks very natural. I will always have this on hand.I ordered makeup for ever hd foundation and I did not know that they change the formulation. It is so watery actually i already finished my first bottle but when this second bottle came i will not use it again. Its not the same product or formulation anymore.Do not use if you have dry skin! It enhances all of your dry skin and flakinessI really wanted to love this foundation.. but it was the worst ever.. after a couples of hours of wearing it. It starts to come off around your nose making it look un even.. also it doesn't give a natural look, it's a very caked on makeup look.. for the price it doesn't last long.I received a sample of this, and I was so excited, thinking I'd found the holy grail foundation. I 'd done research and heard a lot of positive reviews; I ALMOST went and bought it without trying the sample. But I hesitated, as I often do, and thank goodness! Not only did it break me out within hours of application (had no idea that could even happen), it also started to make my skin feel kinda... well, uncomfortable. Heavy, tingly, warm. Being the silly that I am, I was like, it's fine it's going to look good who cares. Imagine my disbelief when it dissolved into a creased, oily, pore-and-acne-magnifying mess. I'm sure it's a good product, it just didn't work for me. I'm so curious if anyone else had the same experience as I did, please let me know!!PS sorry for how lengthy this is!After years of trial and error I think this is the best foundation I have tried. Doesn't make me break out, looks natural, good color range, and easily buildable for the coverage you need.This foundation is really good! The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it clings to your pores a little but I guess it could have been a bad batch because everyone else is saying it's amazing.Great product. A little goes a long way and it stays put. I've used this for a few years now and love it.This Ultra HD foundation gives great coverage. It is very lightweight, and stays in place all day. I recieved a sample to try, and went right back to buy a full size. My go to foundation.This foundation was the biggest disappointment out of any makeup product I've ever bought. It clung to every pore, dry spot and blemish even after priming my face, it would not blend evenly at all, I tried with a brush and a beauty blender and it still turned out awful. I was oily after an hour of applying, even with powder and a setting spray. It separated almost completely. This will be the first product I've ever returned to Sephora. I wanted to love this after reading all the reviews but I just can'tI tried a few samples of it and it just left my face so greasy each time. I don't like the way it looks on my face...like someone said in their post, this points out every imperfection you have on your face.I love this make up. Very seldom do I wear make up because I prefer a light powder but when I do I only wear this one. It goes on smooth and looks amazing especially in pictures. I get so many compliments it is unbelievable. The best part is people don't compliment my make up they compliment me for looking nice because the make up looks so beautifully natural.This is honestly one of the WORST foundations I have ever used and I'm confused as to why everyone hypes it up SO MUCH. I use primer and I set it and it looks great from afar at first but up close you can see how much it clings to every imperfection and pore, and besides that after not even an hour my face is DRENCHED in oil everywhere. I will NEVER use this againI love it. It wears well all day. I'm a dry complextion though and when I moved to a super dry climate in the winter, I loved it less:/ I have to stay on top of exfoliation, moisturizing, and hydration but I still love it. I use Becca's first light primer and if I feel like if my face is extra dry, I spritz urban decay all nighter spray or mac fix plus spray on it.I got a sample and I love it...give a nice finish almost flawless .definitely bought the full size.I'm really confused why it has awards and "raving reviews."It' super greasy after just 15 minutes. Constantly blotting my face all day and dusting with powder. Took my two shades back and went with a different brand. Gave this one benefit of the doubt for a month but couldn't do it anymore.I am very impressed with this foundation. Especially if you love liquid foundations. It's great coverage and you can build it up at much as you like. Second time I have purchased with foundation!Great coverage. No caking, settling, lasts all day & a little goes a long way. Best foundation out there.It makes my skin look flawless! It's so light weight that you can barely see it on your skin. I am now on my second bottle and I don't see myself changing foundations anytime soon. I also love that it's I'm a pump. Super easy to use!I have tried a lot of foundations. I will continue to. But for now this is my favorite and the one I keep coming back to. It has the most flawless skin like finish. Try it.Bought this for my mom for Xmas. We're the same colour, so I used it with the primer it combines with, and it gives a flawless finish.This is the best foundation I've tried. With that being said, I've tried a few high-end foundations like KVD Lock-it and Too Faced's Born this way, but personally I like this formula the best so far! I have red-based skin and I have always found that a lot of other brands don't cater to a pink complexion and I end up looking orange or yellow. I have two shades of MUFE, one for winter and one for summer, and they both look flawless on my skin. I also have combination skin and MUFE balances my skin out better than other brands as well! It lasts pretty long and doesn't get cakey on me, but I do notice some transferring along my mouth, nose, etc. lines over time, but overall, great foundation!I had gotten a sample of this foundation a while back but decided to wait until I finished the foundation I had before purchasing. Once purchasing, I remembered why I liked it. It has very good coverage so my skin's tone is even and stays on all day. That said, I use primer, translucent powder, and setting spray so that would affect how well it stays. My skin isn't oily during wear. My only issue has been application. It doesn't blend very well with a foundation brush, but I don't like applying foundation with a blender.I absolutely love this foundation. I have such fair skin and red undertones that finding a perfect match has been a struggle for years. Usually a foundation is too orange for me or gives me no color at all. This foundation matches so perfectly, it looks so natural and as if I'm not wearing makeup. Also I love that it lasts about 5-6 months.I know everyone raves about this ! I hated it it made my oily skin look worse ! I got it and wore it for my birthday- I'm embarrassed of the birthday Pics now I look oily with little makeup on !This foundation may just be bad for my skin type. I have large pores, and after a few hours (maybe 4/5) it melts and my face will look worse than when I put the makeup on the morning. It does sit over my acne well, but just the way it looks on my pores is awful. I have oily skin if that helps anyone. The application looks really nice in the morning, so it might be a good foundation if you are doing something special, quick. But I really want a foundation that looks good for at least 10 hours so I can look nice all day at work. I have applied this with a beauty blender, as well as a foundation brush.Just tried this and I'm really enjoying it! I don't feel clumps or dry. Can wear all day!It's the best one i have triedI've been using this foundation for quite awhile now maybe 2 years. It's good for normal skin but it clings to dry patches and exaggerates oiliness so if you can get past that this is the foundation for you. My most favorite part about this foundation is the coverage and color selection. It's covers everything and matches my natural skin color PERFECTLY. It is so spot on every other foundation I've tried does not compare.I normally wear BM foundation but due to winter my skin doesn't take well to powder foundations "even though I have dry skin". I purchased MF HD foundation bc I have olive undertones and I wanted a foundation that set "dry" without needing a powder on top. I also wanted one that was a light/med coverage that still let my natural skin shine through but covered my imperfections. This foundation is now a staple. I will be switching back to Bm in the summer but as for winter. I can not live without. Love it!Love this foundation- have been using it for a year and just finished my 1st bottle. It obviously lasts a long time and has great coverage. Feels lightweight and have a shade for any skin tone. The only thing I didn't like is that I didn't know when I finished my bottle. There is no indication of when you are done with it. The plastic sides are covered in old foundation so it's hard to tell when it's time to get a new one. Other than that, the foundation is great! I would give it an A- if it were a grade!This was my first time purchasing foundation. I had no clue what I was getting myself into. However the foundation does not match the rest of my body so this purchase was basically a waste of money.A Sephora cast member recommended this product to me years ago and I fell in love! It makes my skin look smooth and even, hiding blemishes and dark circles with ease. It's lightweight, but stays on through workouts. And the best part is definitely the number of shades available. I have one shade for every season! If you are looking for a quality foundation, you have come to the right place.I love this foundation. I don't use foundation but I decided to give this one a try. It has great coverage. ♥️I am a musician and this is in my concert make-up kit bag. It provides great coverage and is still natural looking at the same time! It works best with makeup brush or "sponge egg" applicator. The pump is perfect because it dispenses the perfect amount needed every time. Just one pump and you have enough for your entire face. 1/2 pump is good for every day use.I normally use powder foundation. I decided to step out of the box and try liquid foundation and I'm glad I did! I have combination skin . This foundation provides excellent coverage, feels light on my skin, and lasts a long time. I work 12 hour overnights as a nurse and I notice by the end of my shift most of the foundation is still on my face and it's not blotchy. I recommend using a moisturizer and primer before application. Then use a locking powder or spray after application to help the foundation last longer.Most foundations crease in my forehead, this is one of the only ones that don't do that! Only wish it had more coverage for my slight blemishes.I have large pores and it has been really difficult finding a foundation that didn't settle and make them look larger. This makeup has people telling me how great my skin is all of the time. It's not quite a full coverage foundation but it is great for day to day. Looks very natural.This isn't my holy grail per say but it blends so easily, has full coverage without looking heavy, feels lightweight and lasts all day....so I seem to just keep grabbing for it because it's consistent and reliable so I feel it really is potential holy grail. I just give it 4 stars because it doesn't really offer the full flawless finish but I still love it and feel like it helps me look like a better version of myself even with my flawsI have been looking for a foundation that wasnt full coverage and gave a cakey look for a while, and I finally have found it! I am so pleased with this foundation it blends well into my skin. I have large pores on my nose and I have oily skin in the tzone areas and this foundation always looks great. I use it with a pore minimizer primer (smashbox or benefit) always looks great!I used this one time and I had people asking me if I was ill. The makeup goes on smooth but in a matter of hours it was sliding off my face. I looked overly dewy and had creases under my eyes. Not to mention the pores on my nose looked massive!I liked it stays all the day without need to fix itBought this originally for my sister's wedding, but keep going back. The coverage is great, it blends really well and I LOVE that it doesn't have SPF in it. Obviously this is only a positive at night time, but it really does photograph so well. I used to look so washed out in photos where I was wearing foundation with SPF in it and this foundation looks so natural and flawless in photos.I have hyper pigmentation, acne prone/combination skin, and I can honestly say this is the most incredible foundation. They have some many shades to choose from and the medium to full coverage is amazing, if you haven't tried it you should!I absolutely hate this foundation. A lovely lady at Sephora helped me choose it after talking about my skin. I think my makeup skills convinced her to thinking I had good skin. I think this foundation might be okay for ladies with dry skin who have no blemish and generally great skin already. But for me as a girl with very oily, pale, acne prone skin: it is a NO GO! Right of the bat I didn't like the application. I feel like I needed a lot to get the proper coverage and look. I feel it oxidizes. And it truly melts right off my skin and doesn't look flawless at all. I use all the proper skin care and primers, I use a fine powder and a setting spray. For high end, I'm totally unimpressed. I'd choose my drugstore foundations over this any day. Will be exchanging. Gave it a try for another day to see if I could use more or less and like it but I just don't! Thumbs down here.I give this 2 stars because the color was perfect for my skin. Other than that, I did not like this foundation and ended up returning it. I tried so hard to love it because so many people rave about it, but it made my face look extremely greasy after a couple hours, even after setting it with a powder and setting spray. It just did NOT work for me.I love this foundation, I'm new to using this, but it's absolutely great! The color match is spot on perfect! (Went in store to get matched) I am very light skinned and my skin I'd consider to be normal, not oily, no acne really, and not dry... stayed on almost all day with out using any primer. Didn't cake, didn't flake, didn't get oily. I think I've found my true match :) two thumbs up!Too sheer, not worth the price.This foundation was terrible. It was extremely patchy and looked horrible on the skin. I thought it might be how I was applying it with a beauty blender so I used a stippling and buffing brush but it still looked the same. If you have large pores this magnifies them even if you use a pore minimizing primer. This was truly one the worst foundations I've ever tried.I absolutely LOVE this foundation! I have worn the same powder foundation for years, but wanted to branch out and find something new. After trying multiple different kinds, this is my new favorite! It goes on so smoothly and has amazing coverage! It doesn't feel cakey at all. It's light, but covers flawlessly. Best beauty purchase I've made in a long time!!!Got flasback the first time and just went in and got a darker colour and then had no problem very niceI went into Sephora and she helped me find this foundation. It is medium coverage and meant for people with normal skin, not oily or dry. They have other foundations for that stuff. I highly recommend you go into a store and get help finding your perfect foundation.I was expecting so much from this foundafion because it is very hyped up. It is a medium coverage foundation so I knew it was not going to give me good coverage like the full coverages I'm used to but it gave me little to no coverage. Personally the foundation was very liquidy and disapeared on my face. It was as if I was back in middle school using tinted moisterizers. I was really let down with this foundation I wish it worked for me :(Honestly thank God I didn't buy this foundation and only got a sample of it. People hype this foundation up. I have combination skin this foundation left my forehead / nose oily and the rest of my face with dry patches. Foundation wore off after 3 hours. Coverage isn't all that and I feel like this foundation has flashback which I hate but maybe I should give it another go with a darker color idk.Love the finish it givesSo I've been struggling to find a good foundation that matches my skin tone and has good coverage,this foundation did both those things! I have oily skin but also have some dry patches such as around my nose and peeling scars from acne. But this foundation does not latch on to the dry parts which I love! And it has build-able coverage to cover my acne definitely going to repurchase!!Back here online to get my fourth bottle. I have dry skin, prone to acne periodically. When I first tested the renewed version on my skin at store, noticed the thickness of the formula doubting it will work for me. The representitive told me that the renewed formula tends to work well with a brush by streching out the product on my skin making a thinner layer (but enough for coverage). Bought a sephora brush with it and it wasn't a flat brush I used to use for my foundations but more on a round side. Well, after a bottle+ of experience, this is what I needed to have this foundation work great for me:
 1. Moisturized skin: need a nice base to start that stretching. skin condition made a huge difference.2. Brush is the tool: rounder and bigger worked better for me to even out the product. avoid lazyness and clean the brush on a daily basis or get few more like myself.3. Make up fixer didn't work: too bad for the Urban Decay fixer I got, but applying the fixer made the foundation essentuate(?) my pores after few hours.4. Set with loose powder: just used a light amount to set. Laura Mercier translucent worked well for me.5. Serious coverage needs concealer: this product is more for a natural even look. "natural" could be a tricky word... makes your expectation higher assuming this will cover everything... but if you have a pimple or dark spots, need to cover it with a concealer that does the job better.
 I did sometimes cheat in between buying another bottle but always end up coming back to this one; like now. Hope some of my tips could help.Super cakey foundation especially around my nose... exasperated my pores and overall made me look horrible !I had really clear skin before using this foundation!!! After a a couple of days I started to break out!!! After switching to a different foundation my skin went back to being clear! Would not recommendEmphasized my pores and dry patches :(Looks absolutely beautiful in pictures. It's also my favorite foundation to mix with other foundations that are too matteI bought this foundation a few weeks after reading reviews about it being good for dry skin. This is one of the worst foundations I've used. It sticks to every single dry patch and settles in every fine line. It could just be my skin texture. I've tried many different ways to apply it (different brushes and beauty blender) and nothing works. I will definitely be returning this.Even wear a pore filling primer, after a few hours I see my large pores start to peek through and it's not pretty. It looks amazing for the first few hours but definitely not for long days at school or at work. I get a lot of compliments when wearing this because it never looks cakey, but the struggle is real when wearing because it doesn't help keep me mat at all and when I blot, a lot of product comes off along with it. :(I usually only wear foundation when I'm dressing up so when I do I use this! It works really well to even out my skin tone and doesn't settle into fine lines.I have repurchased this foundation a few times now. I bought it because the sales woman at Sephora said it was the best for acne prone skin. It has a good coverage where if applied properly you don't need a concealer. To get this full coverage look, it does use a lot of the foundation though... anyways, it never made my skin look "wow" because after a few hours of wearing it it would cling to dry patches on my face and almost look flakey. I continued to buy it anyways and work with different moisturizers because of the full coverage and the fact that it didn't break me out. Now that I have tried the hourglass vanish stick foundation I will not be repurchasing this foundation anymore. That foundation gave me a look of how my skin should look with a foundation on, hydrated, not patchy and great coverage for less amount of foundation. Overall the MUF HD foundation would probably work better for oily skinI have very dry & flaky skin (from exfoliating & retinol cream) but this foundation layered over Laura Mercier Hydrating Primer is hands down, the best combo I have ever used, I'm talking holy grail status here. I get all day coverage without any dryness, creasing or patchiness. If you have dry skin, definitely give this combo a try. If this foundation doesn't work for you & you have dry skin, TRY the Laura Mercier Hydrating Primer, you won't be disappointed!I like the natural look of this foundation. It does seem to stay on for a very long time, and I have oily/combination skin. It doesn't do anything for my dryer areas though. I can see this appearing cakey on dry skin. Definitely use a brush to apply to avoid a streaky look. Overall, I like the foundation... just wish it could build a little more coverage and not appear caked on my face.I always come back to this foundation! It's full coverage yet still natural looking, not cakey at all! Has a dewy finish and feels very hydrating on my skin!This is my go to. It doesnt have alot of coverage but I love this foundation,it makes my skin look smooth and it last me all day.I do have dry skin and this makes me look luminous,so I don't recommend it for oily skin types.This applies so nicely on my skin. Glides right over everything and nearly instantly looks even and natural. I will always miss the old HD - and I'm not exactly sure why the pumped, pumps these like half pumps rather then a real pump. I feel like it takes forever to get the amount I want out.I've never been able to find a shade so perfect to suit my face, it did not make my face oily at all had such a natural finish and did not make my skin break out! I love it!!!This is a best-seller for a reason. High amount of coverage with a thin layer. Set relatively quickly. I prefer applying this with my fingers, then finishing with my beauty blender.this foundation is good for someone with normal/combination skin and it gives me a full coverage slightly glowy finish it covers everything necessary and it very buildable!!! not too thick or too thinWorst foundation I have ever tried. Long lasting? Good for acne prone skin? I don't think so. I bought this because it said it was good for acne and dry skin but it was not.I have weird skin, oily in some spots, super dry on others and usually have a problem finding a foundation that wont make me super oily but wont cling to by dry patches. This foundation doesn't do any of that and has build-able coverage which I like.At first it looks nice, but after 2 hours or less it dries out, and it's almost like the foundation disappears and all thats left it the pigment on your skin. I have oily skin and this foundation somehow leaves my skin completely dried out and flaky.This foundation is the best foundation I have ever tried. As someone with dry skin this wasn't too drying for my skin at all. It wears ALL day and it has amazing buildable coverage and blends flawlessly. 10/10 would recommend to try even if it is just a sample!This foundation is honestly one of the best I've ever used. It blends so well, just make sure you get color matched so you get the right shade!I have a hard time finding foundations for my skin because I am very pale. This foundation looks so nice and actually it matches my skin tone I'm very impressed I don't mined splurging on this product:)I really like this foundation. I'm not a person who puts on makeup daily so I love how easy it is to apply this. I don't look cakey. However, I do have oily skin so I need to use an oil mattifying primer under this. Other than that, great foundation. Matches me perfectly.But I can't buy my shade because its out of stock right now. Ivory is one shade too light for my skin tone. The foundation looks fantastic and feels great but I mix it with a darker shade of another foundation so it'll look more like my tone. Price is a little high as well. Lasting power is OK, could be better. Pretty comparable to my Estee Lauder Double Wear in Ecru.Ok! First, the shade I purchased matched my skin tone perfectly. That was a win right there. Putting the foundation on felt great. It didn't give me a cakey look, and it feels light on my face. I have several foundations, and this has been my go to!I had heard a lot of hype surrounding this foundation so i was very excited to try it. The colour selection was great and I feel like anyone would be able to find a colour match. However, I was disappointed by how it sat on the skin and found it added texture to my face. It wasn't bad, but it was not the flawless skin that was promised. I also found that any powder I added after would look caked on. Overall it wasn't bad, but there is better foundation out there.Not a fan. I don't even have dry skin, and this foundation makes me look like I'm drying up. Been mixing it with my Naked foundation, and experimenting with using coconut oil on top of a moisturizing primer, and it's still only meh. It still looks dry and patchy, especially around my nose and forehead. Disappointed, especially since everyone is always hyping this up so much.Great coverage, doesn't give me acne, blends well, and works great with my combination and sensitive skin!!!!This foundation is very lightweight and comfortable if you're wearing for natural light finish. I was expecting more full coverage with a light texture and that wasn't what I got. It's okay I guess but I will be taking it backMost natural looking foundation on the market!!!This is such a hyped up product. When I purchased this I was disappointed. I kept this for over a year trying to make it work. I blended it using different brushes, I used primer, a sponge, my fingers, no matter how I used it it was patchy and separated on my face. I ended up giving it to a friend. (I used it when I had oily skin and when I had dry skin while on accutane)This foundation is great and works well with the beauty blender. Love it!such a great foundation, it looks natural on the skin.
 its the best foundation i ever used.I have very dry skin and I was looking for something more medium coverage at Sephora that wouldn't cake me up or bring attention to my drier areas. I love the feel of this foundation, it's super smooth and light and layers very nicely, but I wish it had more coverage. I feel like this should be more light medium coverage than medium full because I can never get it to cover the bad areas :( hope this helps !I always used to use matte foundations and I wanted to try something new and I tried this. Love the light weight feeling and coverage it gives. Now I'm so hooked on this. But I got the wrong shade too light but I still love itI have tried countless foundations and by far this is the best. It feels weightless on your skin and is so comfortable to wear all day. This foundation has excellent coverage that is buildable and if you prefer a fuller coverage you can achieve that look. I apply mine with a beauty blender for a flawless look but it also looks great when applied with a brush.This foundation is amazing, even better than MUFE's mat velvet, my previous favourite. Really is very natural-looking. Y205 is also a perfect match for my deathly pale skin, which has been hard to find!!Holy grail I got a sample from Sephora just to test it out and I love it it's 100% medium covered 100% for oily skin it is not a matte it's more of a Demi matte and dew I wore it to school I put it on at five in the morning and it is 2 o'clock right now and it's still on I love it so much and if I had $43 I would buy it but I don't lol. But I love it and I can't wait to get the full sizeI used this back in high school and switched to drugstore foundation a few years ago to save money. I decided to try this out again and it did not disappoint! Its beautiful on the skin, lasts all day and has great coverage. I received compliments when I wore it, which is saying something because my skin has been pretty bad recently! I love this foundation!My absolute favourite foundation that I've used in a while. I'm not a huge fan of thick full coverage foundation. But I'm in love with this! No wonder why it's an allure product!This foundation is just beautiful. It blends perfectly with any blending tool. I can even blend it with my fingers when I'm in a hurry and the coverage is still perfect. It's a medium coverage foundation but easily built up if you like more. It's also gorgeous when applied more sheer with a makeup sponge when I'm having a good skin day. It dries down nicely but you do need to set it. I don't find it wears for 12 hours though. Usually my tzone starts to break up at about the 6 hour mark. But I'm not mad about it. A blotting paper takes care of it quickly. It doesn't feel heavy and I can't see it sitting on my face with a magnified mirror. I typically will wear this in the fall and winter months because it doesn't hold up that great in the phoenix heat but I have a foundation I prefer in the summer so that's ok. I will continue to purchase this near perfect foundationReally good foundation. I have dry skin and it really work with my skin. I have sensitive skin and normally I get pimple with any foundation but this foundation works very well.Beautiful foundation . I definitely recommend this if you have normal to dry skin. It gives you a beautiful satin finish . Definitely one of my favoritesss!!!!Light weight , build able to full coverage, not cakey .. love it!This was my first pricier foundation and it's nice because it's lightweight, medium coverage and the colour choices are amazing! Only thing- you need quite a bit of product to achieve higher coverageThis is my first MUFE foundation, and I'm pretty impressed. I have fair skin and found a color that matches my skin perfectly (which is hard to do). The skin around my mouth gets really dry and flaky especially around the winter months and my forehead/nose area gets oily. This foundation balances them out perfectly and doesn't highlight my oiliness or dryness. I still do get oily, but not as noticeable as before. The only thing I'm disappointed about in this product is the coverage. I have slight hyper-pigmentation from past breakouts and I find I still have to cover them up with extra foundation and concealer. Also, I have very sensitive skin and typically avoid products with talc and mica, but I haven't had a problem with breakouts or sensitivity.This foundation is perfect for my dry older skin. Love this product, tried others and always go back to it. For others that are concerned about coverage, this is a buildable foundation. I have dark spots and this covered them great.i have one color I wear in winter and a different color for summer.THIS IS SO BOMB but it won't cover everything up . So the people complaining about the coverage obviously did not do research about this product . I love it . The color matches me perfectly !!!! Will 100%repurchase!!!I love this makeup but I travel so much. Would love to have a 1 oz or .5 oz option available so I don't have to pour this product into subpar FAA compliant bottles that spill and leak!I was really excited to try this foundation but was very disappointed with the outcome. I felt like I was using so much product and barley getting any coverage. I would put this on around 7:00 am and when I'd look in the mirror i noticed that the foundation around my t zone looked very oily and when I would blot it it would just completely remove the foundation. Would not recommend for someone who has oily skin.I'm impressed with this foundation! I have combination skin with relatively large pores around my nose. I've had an issue with a tinted moisturizer from another brand as it was very drying. So I tried this and it didn't dry my skin. My oily T-zone didn't get oily all day (used in combination with primer) and it covered the pores pretty well. Nice coverage and long lasting. No caking, but it's winter so I'll have to see how it does in summer when I sweat.This has great coverage, blends very smoothly and does not look cakey. I would definitely recommend!I used to love this foundation - I used 127 for at least 5 years. The new formula for this shade doesn't match my skin tone very well and the coverage is light (which makes it hard to cover some problem areas) and not long wearing.I'm a 21 year old that suffers of some acne and oily skin. Foundations normally fade with the pass of the day but this one is the opposite. I am in love with it!! I have tried so many foundations before (believe me) and this one is my favorite one by a lot! I'll keep buying it!Doesn't have the coverage that I like;Make my pores more visiblei am 20 year old female with really red problem skin, it's sensitive, dry in some places, oily in others, and i have large pores on my nose and some on my cheeks, so finding a foundation that works for me is really tough i'll admit that. but this foundation was a huge let down for me. i heard amazing things, and rushed to my local Sephora to try it. firstly it is a very sheer medium coverage, when i was hoping for a more full coverage, but as i tried to build it up, it took away the foundation rather than building layers of coverage! so frustrating as i have red skin and it immediately starting showing through the already sheer foundation. secondly, it literally showed every bump, wrinkle, line, pore, and pimple x1000. i have lots of strange texture in my skin, it's far from perfect, and this foundation highlighted everything i dislike abt my skin. the positives i can give it that the colour matched my skin perfectly, and my powders blended easily on top of the foundation, but overall i would never purchase this product. so so dissapointed.Pros: Exact match on your skin tone. Great coverage when you first put in on.
 Cons: I have oily skin and even though I used a really great primer, the best translucent powder, and a setting spray, after 20 minutes this foundation started melting off my face. I had to constantly blot my face and by the end of the day or event at night I had no makeup. I would only recommend if you have dry skin. Even my combo face friend tried the foundation and she was very shiny in less than a hour. 
 Returning this product. Please ladies, do not spend your money on this product unless you want a really shiny face.I love this foundation! I first got it as a free sample in a Sephora order. I didn't think I would like it, but I tried it just because I was running out of my other foundation. Whenever I wore it, people always asked me if I was actually wearing foundation and that my skin looked really good. I purchased the full size later and it's flawless! If you want more coverage, use a stippling brush instead of a beauty blender. I'd say it's a medium build able coverage and it looks undetectable on the skin. I absolutely adore this foundation!This foundation is amazing I took off 1 star for price and colour.... I like they they have many shades but sometimes it's overwhelming I had to return my first one as the Sephora employee told me wrong shade and I felt bad for returning but overall great product! I have combo skin and it makes my skin look so smooth and flawless!Amazing coverage & makes you look flawless however it broke me out. Immediately after discontinuing using this product my skin cleared up. I have combo/oily skin.This was recommended to me in the store when I asked for a full coverage foundation. The Sephora employee told me this was a color match for the other brand of foundation I was already using. First of all, this is definitely not a full coverage foundation, it's very runny and streaky and dragged across my skin, even though I used primer first. Second, it definitely wasn't a color match and was too dark. I would not recommend it for anyone who needs a smooth, blended look or coverage of skin imperfections. I plan to return it, if possible.I'm not sure where all these negative reviews come from, I love this foundation. My skin isn't dry though or acne prone. It's slightly oily on my t zone and a little dry under my eyes and alone my jaw. This foundation is very lightweight and buildable for me at least. I put a layer on my face and neck then add a little more on my cheeks and you can't see any redness at all. Looks perfect but not cakey.As others have said, this isn't the foundation for you if you're looking for something full coverage. I don't find it particularly buildable, and think it would look kind of cakey if you tried to build. That being said, if you like a more light weight concealer that you can barely feel on your face; something light-medium coverage, this could be for you. It's the oddest thing, because the way this foundation initially sits on the skin you would expect it to make you uber oily later in the day. But even with my very oily T-zone, I found that it didn't make me as oily as other products did. After you set it, it works like a charm. A word of caution though, because it can apply a little streaky, and takes some effort to make the face look flawless and textureless. Not the perfect foundation, I think, but pretty good.I tried so many different foundations and no other felt so good and looked beautiful on my skin. All the others I tried felt heavy and looked horrible at the end of the day, but this one was the only one that looked and felt exact the same the whole day! I have oily skin and acne prone skin and I absolutely love it!!Loved the consistency and lasting power, hate the price. But you get what you pay for!! Perfect for oily combo/ medium golden skin :)I absolutely love this foundation. I have very oily skin. I love makeup, but can't stand wearing it most of the time because I FEEL it on my face. I don't feel this on my skin at all. I have a lot of blackheads on my nose, and my skin has cleared up a lot so it may not be the best for those with troubled skin. It cleans it up really well and gives for a flawless base for the rest of the makeup I put over it.I applied it this morning and no matter what, it looked streaky and awful. I have try skin due to a medicine I am on and this foundation accentuates my dry patches and scarring. It is light coverage and barely covers anything on my face. I really wanted to like it because it is a spot on match for my skin (Y205) but it just doesn't look good on my skin. It wouldn't build up too much either and therefore is not something I see myself using. I will be returning.The finish is beautiful but the coverage is incredibly light. Not at all what I was expecting. It does nothing to cover redness/acne and barely evens my skintone. I'm going back to the Matte Velvet Plus.I was very disappointed with this foundation. The coverage is extremely light. I would only recommend if you already have flawless skin.This foundation isnt at all what it says to be. Its blotchy if you have acne or any skin troubles and it barely covers my redness. Don't buy if you have troubled skin.I bought this and it's really thin, so if your looking for full coverage look else where. It spreads funny on the face with my brush so I'm going to try using it with a beauty blender. It's fine if you don't have a lot of blemishes.does anyone else have a problem with flash back with this foundation i got my correct shade but it still give me a slight white castThis is very good for medium coverage! It goes on smooth and blends out well. It doesn't cover up freckles or anything like that but it's my go to!Love this foundation ...It doesn't cover anything, blotchy and comes off In a few hours. Worst foundation never rebuying! Do not buy if you need medium to full coverage. Worst foundation ever!!!!I used to wear shade 120 in the HD foundation and it was my go-to for years. It was all I needed to look like my skin tone was even, so my cosmetics routine was very simple. With the new version, the coverage is not as good and what is supposed to be the equivalent shade in Ultra does not match. I will be bringing this back to the store and hope to get some suggestions for other brands' products that are comparable to the original HD foundation.I'm in love. At 30 years old I have slightly dry, acne prone skin with fine lines trying to form. This foundation matches my skin tone perfectly, doesn't settle in lines or creases. The best part is it doesn't feel like I'm wearing anything at all. It's so comfortable on my skin. It doesn't budge either if I touch my face. As my first non-drugstore foundation I was a little uncertain at the pricetag, but I'm officially in love with this foundation and plan on wearing this forever!Amazing it lasts all day makes my skin look flawless. I have combination/dry skin and this works amazing. Totally reconmend. my new favorite!!I wanted to like the Ultra HD Invisible Cover Foundation so bad. I got a sample of and loved it. Bought a bottle and sorry to say I hated it! 
 The color matches my skin and looks great when it goes on. But the foundation should feel light, and it should also last. It doesn't "set" well -- whether I use a primer, a powder, a setting spray, all of the above, or none of the above. It just doesn't feel good after a few hours.
 I work in an office, early 30s combination skin, and don't sweat too much - but by halfway through my shift, the makeup starts to look blotchy and feel oily, like it's just resting on top of my skin. When you get up early and work this hard for a perfect contour, a $50 product needs to deliver and this didn't for me. 
 I'm going back to 100% Pure and really wish Sephora sold their products - the foundation stays put a whole day, all on its own, no primer or setting necessary. Same price too.This used to be my go to for several years until they changed the formula. Now it's runny, gives practically no coverage and it seriously wipes right off. So frustrating bcus it was fine before. Had to find a new foundation.Thank god I just got a sample of this and didn't spend the money before finding out how horrible this was on my skin. I'm very pale and the shade I got was absolutely perfect, however it settled into my lines and pores like mad, which usually isn't a problem for me because my pores aren't particularly big. It also left my face extremely irritated with big, dry, flakey patches on my cheeks. Wouldn't recommend for sensitive skinI have tried so many different brands and types of foundations but when I got this makeup as a sample? I fell totally in LOVE with it! A little bit goes a long way and I can really build coverage when I want to or keep a light and natural coverage too. I find that this makeup works best for my older skin and doesnt accent lines, wrinkles and imperfections. This is truly my last brand to try. Finally! I found my makeup FOREVER :-DI highly recommend this foundation. It changed the game for foundation for me. I've been through three bottles of this and I can't find anything that compares. It's very light weight and natural looking. There is a large range of color selection so that helped a lot with finding the perfect shade for me. I have no problems with this foundation when I wear it. I recommend this to anyone who is looking for something that is natural, medium to full coverage and looking for something that is a build-able.I can never find a foundation that's actually a perfect match for my skin tone and I tried this out in the store and got it and it matched perfectly!! I have really dry skin so the fact that it's liquidy is good for me especially since it's winter but, it doesn't have the best coverage but it does help cover things just not all the way. I'm just glad I found something to match my skin tone!I wanted this to work for me because of all the great reviews but it looked awful. It made me SO oily and couldn't find a color that didn't appear orangey on me. Also looked cakey a lot of the time. Had to take it back!I actually came to read these reviews to make sure I wasn't crazy. I love Makeup For Ever's Matte Velvet, and tried the HD Invisible Cover as a change. I loved the way it went on- so easy and buildable coverage. It looked flawless immediately after application. After 2 or 3 hours, though, my face was so oily and gross. All my makeup was literally sliding down my face. I've tried several different times and had the same thing happen. I'm going back to Matte Velvet.I never write reviews but I really just wanted to say this foundation is really nice. It literally feels so invisible and you feel so fresh. Even when you touch your face it feels smooth and clean. I have combination skin with small breakoutsLove this foundation, this is my new go to. The only thing I would say is it doesn't is not medium coverage. My skin is pretty clear for the most part but during my period when i break out this is definitely not my go to.Certainly better than a drugstore brand for being long lasting but was terrible in my T zone area. Color matched great and blended well but for oily skin id say there are much better products out there.I love this product! I don't really have any blemishes or hyper pigmentation so I didn't need a super high coverage foundation, I just wanted something as a good base for more intricate makeup looks... and this is perfect. I dock it down one star because it doesn't apply super well with a beauty blender. What I do is mix in some Chanel foundation, apply it on my face roughly with a stippling brush, and then it blends seamlessly with no problems. Again, love it!I was very excited to try this, and was very disappointed. It's a very runny formula, and had very little coverage. I have combination skin, and this emphasized my pores and caked around my mouth so bad. It clings to dry patches I didn't know I had. It did last most of the day but looked awful, I don't recommend for people with dry or combo skin, or those of you who want full coverage.I received this as a gift and was excited to use it. Complete disappointment. Even with setting spray and a primer it completely just melted off of my face... Extremely disappointed in this product.I have oily (combination in winter) skin and this made my skin look horrible. It doesn't blend well, it did not work for my oily skin; didn't stay on, melted right off. I tried it for about two weeks with different brushes, different methods, primers, and it just didn't work.I love this foundation so much!!! It has a natural finish and it doesn't even feel like I am wearing makeup when I have this on. I would definitely recommend this to everyoneI used to love this foundation and use it religiously. I would get so many compliments on my skin. This new "ultra" HD foundation is TERRIBLE! It watery and provides no coverage. Now I'll have to try to find something that I hopefully works like the old version of this product.To be honest I try to love it at least to like it but as much as I try it , it disappoints me the most , is more on the light to medium coverage , not very last long ....I have very oily skin naturally but I still like to use products that keep my skin radiant. I never like to be too matte. However, this foundation was WAY TOO oily for me. It was just sliding off my face. It was an absolute fail. I was disappointed because this foundation is so popular. But I guess that it is only meant for people with dry skin or normal skin. If you have oily skin, do not even try this product.Me and my sister both bought this foundation . It makes our skin look very dry. -.- was not happy! To much money spent for garbageMy skin type has changed these past seasons - I have dehydrated, oily sensitive skin but with the winter I was beginning to get a lot more dry patches than usual. I needed a new foundation that would apply smoothly even over these spots and this foundation does that! It makes my skin look dewy without making me look like a grease ball. The formulation is thin/watery, and it doesn't irritate my skin. A little goes a long way, but I find that I need to apply a little more to cover redness/dark spots. It does last me almost all day but for those with oilier skin like me I would recommend a primer/setting powder/spray.I bought this Ultra HD foundation thinking it was the same or an upgrade to the original HD foundation, which was my absolute favorite. It was lightweight but great coverage, covered flaws and pores well, making my skin look great.
 i pumped some Ultra HD foundation and it squirted out like water! I shook it for a min thinking that was the problem, but same thing. I put it on and it gave barely ant civerage and was like cheap, watered down foundation. I cannot believe the change in quality and continued high price! I wouldnt even buy this at a drug store. Returning asap!!I love this foundations ever since I discovered it in the ipsy glam bag as a free sample sheer and doesn't look cakey it's perfect!My favorite foundation. The girl at Sephora helped match me and recommended me this one over the kvd one and I'm so glad she did because it's absolutely perfect. I can wear a little and my skin looks flawless allowing my freckles to show through still or add more for even denser coverage. This will probably last me a long time too since I don't wear to foundation often.I am extremely pale and have combination skin. This is the first foundation I have discovered with a range of shades extensive enough to have a colour light enough for my skin! A in the colour department. Unfortunately it caused further dryness in the dry areas of my face; by the end of the night, my cheeks looked scaly. Not a fan of the way this product wears.I have combination skin and this made my t zone OILY after an hour. It made me want to just wash my face! I wanted to like it so bad, it applied really nice. But do not recommend if oiliness is a problem.* I have oily t-zone and dry cheeks* I wanted to love this foundation sooooo much because of the hype but unfortunately it was horrible. In pictures my fave was completely white and I know it wasn't the powder. It was ZERO coverage and no matter how much you apply it just won't cover. Wouldn't not recommend or use again.I have very oily skin with dry patches, this foundation covers everything and leaves me with a flawless finish that lasts all day. I'll never buy another foundation ever again.Love love love! Minimizes pores and feels very light on the skin yet has very good coverage.I have used this foundation several different times because of the hype thinking maybe it has gotten better. WRONG. I have combination skin and no matter how what I apply under this foundation/ over this foundation my face looks like a hot mess up close. In pictures it looks flawless but not in real life. It doesn't stay, it creases and the coverage is nothing.Got a deluxe sample and while the shade was a decent match, this had zero coverage and was too matte for my combo skin. The finish sort of reminds me of wearing only a pressed powder on the skin - it's dry, and you see the color of the foundation along with all of your skin imperfections. Layering it did absolutely nothing to the coverage and basically just added more color. I also don't like fragrance in my cosmetics, which this has. Pass.I bought this foundation because I wanted something less coverage and better than my Too Faced Born This Way. I also thought that since it won Allure, it had to be good. So I got it in my shade and have used it for a couple of weeks already. I like how from a good few feet away and in camera, my face looks great. However, when I would look at myself in my mirror, my pores were not covered and my skin looked caked. Throughout the day, I felt like my face looked worse up close. As weird as this might seem, I like this foundation much better than my too faced one. Overall, this foundation does photograph very well, but is not that well up close throughout the day.This is a really beautiful foundation. I love the medium-light coverage and the fact that it doesn't stay tacky after applying it.I bought this because so many YouTubers have been raving about it but I'm super fair so I bought the lightest shade and it's pretty orangey on me. Also, it doesn't have that much coverage at all. I'm gonna have to return itI really wanted to love this, the shade range is amazing. But for me, it was a little too invisible on the skin. This offered me zero coverage, and it broke apart within an hour, no matter how many different ways I tried to prep my skin. Not for me, but nice shades.Great coverage, very light however didn't go well with my oily skin but still one of the best liquid foundations I've tried to date.Pricy but great coverage. Worth the price!This foundation is brilliant! Lightweight feel and full coverage that lasts! Try it once, and you'll be hooked!Love how natural looking and blendable it is!This foundation is amazing. I use it with my Beauty Blender and it is amazing. However, if you are looking for a full coverage foundation this is not for you but it can build. This foundation gives you more of a natural look.Personally, I love the formula of this foundation and it provides great, your skin but better coverage. However, not a single color matches my skin tone. I have a completely neutral undertone and I am very fair, and the light shades are either too red/pink or too yellow. If a neutral, fair shade was released, I would give it 5 stars, but for now it's 4.Medium buildable coverage with a flat top brush. Light medium coverage with a beauty blender. Good for dry combination skin. Will get oily around t zone. Set with a powder to avoid this. Looks great in photos.I received a sample of this as mobile offer and I love it so much I had to buy the full size. The first time I wore it I was at an outdoor event in the rain and my face stayed flawless! After that I was hooked. It is comfortable and lasts.I wish I could have liked this more! I got a free deluxe sample of this with one of my purchases. When I wore it, it oxidized weirdly on my face. Some areas were came out as orange, rather than my skin tone. The next day I wore it, I tried setting it with powder but I got the same results. Overall, it's average.I love this foundation it is my HOLY GRAIL! especially since i have dry and sensitive skin this leaves my face flawless. Full coverage and i Use it with the Tarte air brush bamboo foundation brush! i totally recommend this foundation.I wanted to love this product, as everyone and their mom raves about it. But it just didn't have the right coverage for me. If you're looking for a very light coverage, then this is your foundation. Otherwise you need to use a lot of product, and waste a lot of money. I returned thisLove this foundation! I like it because it has a light feeling on the skin but will awesome coverage. Accidentally fallen asleep with it on, when I woke up myface didn't feel cakey since it's a light foundation. It's always been hard to find a colour to match my skin, this one is 10/10 for skin matchingWhile this is and has been my go to foundation for a little while now, Im on the lookout for a new one. I really liked this foundation, but it hasn't been staying on my face as long as I'd like it to and it doesn't give the amount of coverage I need.I am a beauty junkie, so I love trying new, high end foundations every time I run out and this was an absolute let down. It didn't last and I needed to apply A LOT of layers in order to get full coverage. The product also seemed too watery even after shaking it. I returned it and purchased Lancome 24 hour foundation and LOVE it so far.i received a sample of this with a purchase i made in the past and fell in love with it. I purchased the full size and something about it is so different! Not sure what it is but now this foundation is not for me. I have super oily skin and i can't get through 2 hours without my foundation looking separated and greasy. I also have wrinkles (who doesn't) and this immediately sunk in to my fine lines and really looked caky and gross. Definitely returning and not worth the 40$ i spent.I changed to this because I wanted more coverage than my Naked foundation offered. I tried the Urban Decay Up all night foundation before this and hated it. This offers a medium coverage without feeling too heavy or cakey. Nice natural finish.I've gone through about 1/3 of the bottle and I'm just not happy. No matter what I do (3 different types of primer, moisturizer, finishing powers, etc.) My skin looks blotchy, it dries and exaggerates any dry skin or fine lines, and can't make it more than an hour into wear time.
 I've used it for several days in a row trying different methods of application, and the apples of my cheeks are now red and hurt to the point where I can't do anything besides clean and cleanse my face.
 The product itself is very wet, using a foundation brush or airbrush brush from Sephora just resulted in a lot of streaks, so I used my Beauty Blender instead. 
 Over all I'm just not happy with it, and I wouldn't recommend it for combo skin or if you're looking for any kind of long wear.This foundation is my holy grail. It gives me the most beautiful medium-coverage, natural finish thats both buildible and lightweight. Its honestly the perfect foundation for me. Even when I build it up it doesn't look cakey or feel heavy on the skin. While it isn't a matte finish, I find that it works well with my oily skin. I'm obsessed with this and I want to own it by the gallon.I switched to this after my NARS foundation started to cake and emphasize my textured skin. I love that this isn't a thin, fluidly foundation and that the color matches so well- another problem I have. My main concerns are how it doesn't blend easily (using a beauty blender) and doesn't have full coverage for extremely red skin, even when built up. Other than that, I love it!Tried a sample last year and I finally decided to purchase it this year, #NoRegrets Love it. I usually have an oily T-Zone and this holds up almost all day for me.Disappointed, as a full coverage the foundation wasnt making the right effect on my skin. Also it looked greasy. I wouldnt recommand.I purchased this as my first ever foundation. I really like it. I find that it's really covers well. You just need to make sure you're exfoliating your face regularly, otherwise this foundation will not lay properly.The foundation looked beautiful on my skin, but when I took it off I noticed little bumps all over my previously clear skin. I tried it the next day, and those little bumps progressed into full on breakouts. So I guess if you have sensitive skin, watch out. But if not, it really is a beautiful foundation.I bought this because of all the positive hype and everyone raving about it as the best full coverage foundation.
 I was ok... Granted I purchased a 'slightly' off shade for my skin tone, but that aside, I found it so light that it was barely passable as a 'full coverage'.
 It also settled dry (and highlighted) lines on my face. This is even with well moisturized and oily skin. Also barely lasted a 10hr day at an office job (this was with a primer, concealer, and setting powder).
 May work for other skin types, but I wouldn't buy again for the price.I like it. Sometimes i look cakey but then sometimes i dont. For real real i think you just need a blending brush and youll be set. overall, i like itI love this foundation. I recommend it to all my friends. It matches perfectly to my skin and even if you wear it alone your skin looks flawless! It lasts me all day regularly.It made me look greasy within two hours after wearing it .I have combination skin I tried this out, it stays ok with a finishing spray, and it lasted. Without finishing spray it had no staying power on my face. I felt it left parts of my face very dry. Not worth the spend for my skin type.my favorite foundation very natural and light weight but gives you good coverage last all day i get complimented all the time on how good this foundation looks on meSeriously this is amazing foundation . It does exactly what it says, gives s flawless face. It's more of a medium coverage, so I use it when I'm blemish free. It has such a beautiful finish. Also with all the shades available I for once found my exact shade.I came across this foundation when it came to me as a sample. I tried it once and I knew there was no going back! I use it everyday. A little goes a long way. I love the full coverage and it feels soooooo light! A MUST BUY!The best foundation I've ever used! Coverage is amazing with the smallest amount! And it's long-lasting! Seriously, wear it for hours and it still looks great! It's lightweight on your skin and doesn't cake up at all! And a bottle will last you long! Love it!best foundation I've ever owned! bought this product without knowing how amazing it makes you look in pictures! i immediately felt 10x the confidence! it felt light weight and made me look fresh and dewy and natural! also looks flawless in pictures best foundation i have ever boughtIs very good for oily skin I really like itI have freckles and I HATE using foundation. My entire 25 years I have stayed far away from it. BUT...that said I am obsessed with how light and perfect this foundation is. I would HIGHLY recommend to anyone.After all of the rave reviews - even from oily tone ladies - I was excited to try this out. The color match was great, loved the texture - not too sheer, not too heavy - but I was having to blot within an hour of applying. I did not expect a purely matte finish - I like a little life to the skin - but this was just too much oil too quickly. I'm returning the product. So bummed!I wanted to like this foundation. I used to wear the old formulation when I first started getting into makeup. I quit because I had similar problems with it. And I have so many problems with it. First, let me say I love that MUFE has such a large selection of colors and I do love the finish this foundation leaves. BUT it oxidizes. And it emphasizes pores like crazy. I don't have huge pores, but this foundation made them look HUGE. Then it started irritating my dry, sensitive skin around my mouth area. AND IT WORE OFF SO FAST. My nose and mouth looked terrible 3 hours after my initial application. DO NOT BUY. I'm going back to Urban Decay because yikes.This is the best foundation that I've ever purchased.It is easy apply, buildable & leaves a beautiful natural finish.I hate this foundation. It is far from long wearing, sticks to every dry patch of skin, and covered nothing. Only thing I liked was the colour selection.Fabulous. Soft, covers everything you want, and in a light weight way. That's perfect! Works well my skin, i have tried two shades- Y245 and Y255. They are close, and super well formulated for light olive complexions. They are a soft neutral with slight yellow that gives a beautiful glow. Give this product a whirl, I am quite sure you will love it.I have sensitive, combination skin. This covers up well, without irritating my skin.
 It does oxidize so buy a couple shades lighter.This foundation gives you great coverage BUT if i smile ONCE or talk throughout the day, I will get gross old lady lines around my mouth.love this foundation! i have oily skin but this gives me a flawless finish!! i love that u can build up the coverage if u want, but u can also make it look light on ur face. definitely my new holy grail foundation.I ususally purchase full coverage foundation (MAC) to get the flawless look but after several bottles decided my face needed a break. This makeup provides really good coverage and I feel that it is enough coverage to keep me satisfied. I work long shifts in a hospital and I have appreciated this foundation for not getting wet, sweaty, or starting to cake and melt off my face by the end of my shift. I do not know what Make Up Forver puts in the foundation for the HD effect but I also feel that it works! As always, set your foundation with a nice powder and you are good to go.This foundation is basically everything. I'm very pale and this is literally the only foundation that works with my skin tone. I love that it's light and provides light coverage but is also build-able if needed. Love it!Pretty good foundation. I like wide set of colors they provide. Been looking for a while to find my perfect match, and found it with make up forever. It was hard finding it due to the yellow pigments in my face. Definitely get matched first before buying though.Im y177. Love this foundation. I have oily skin & this does not add too it. Dedinatelt a buildable coverage. I usually use smashbox bb water in dark. But was looking for a little more coverage. This is it! I can still see my freckles if i want or i can cover them completely with out looking like a cake face. Definately recommend.It make my face look flawless!!!This is definitely my favorite foundation of all time! Easy to blend, easy to build up for coverage, great accurate color for my skin! Only reason I didn't put five stars is because I personally dislike using setting powder for my entire face because I have dry skin, so I don't. But with this foundation, I think it might be a necessary step in ensuring your foundation doesn't transfer onto your clothesI love this foundation so much! It's easy to apply with a foundation brush and goes on flawlessly. I will continue to use this for the rest of my life!Best foundation ever! Good price point. Great layerable coverage. Better than YSL!This product is amazing. My favorite foundation. It goes on so smooth and gives me a not so painted look. But makes my face look flawless. Will definitely keep on hand.I've always been a fan of Make Up For Ever's Foundation. My love continues with the Ultra HD Invisible Cover Foundation. Better coverage, long lasting, and light weight.I love this line I am hispanic and have a difficult time finding the right shade for my yellow undertones. My natural complexion is on the darker side but not tan so this #170 makes me look like I am not wearing anything.Awesome for my oily acne prone skin.Can't see it sitting on the skin even under magnification in broad daylight. Velvety finish...good coverageI tried this one on at the store and it looked amazing. The color is great however within an hour, I looked like an oily mess. It was also very streaky. I also have several acne scars and and the coverage is more light to medium. You have to add several layers to cover but then it becomes cake. Maybe good for someone with flawless skin, not for me.No coverage at all not buildable lasted about 2hours before it separated on my oily skin prefer my loreal true match last a lot longer and it's way more affordableLove it. First foundation to make my skin exactly. Super thin with great coverage.Great foundation for dry skinIt did settle in to my pores :/ I really wanted to like it, I love the color on me it was perfect, so sad it didn't work for meThis foundation did nothing for me.. I have to pack it on in order to cover anything. Don't buy if you are looking for actual coverage. Just the hype!!This product is seriously the best! It has buildavle coverage and isn't cakey at all! It leaves you looking flawless without looking like your face is weighed down in make up! I have hopped around from foundation to foundation but this one takes the cake for me!This is my holy grail foundation. I've been using this for years now. At first I hated it because it broke me out for some reason.. But after trying it again I didn't have any breakout. I have oily skin and this works just fine. Finish it with a setting /finishing powder and everything stays in place. :)This is my first foundation that hasn't been full coverage. It doesn't stick to any dry areas on my skin and feels light weight. It is more sheer than I am used to (I have redness problems) so I use a green primer to help and apply a little more coverage to those areas. It does last throughout the day but I wouldn't recommend this if you have problems with oily skin. Would purchase again!I love this foundation. It can go on almost sheer but also builds easily. I love it.Love this foundation! It's natural-looking and very buildable. The only thing I don't like is that they don't have neutral shades. :( Everything is either too yellow or too pink for my skin tone.Great coverage. I'm 56 and I use it over Kate Somerville Goat Milk moisturizer and MUFE Step 1 (to minimize pores on nose and forehead). It's a dewy finish and I set it with Koh Gen Doh loose powder.I really love this foundation!!!I bought this product with high hopes. I read all the reviews and thought I had found the BEST foundation. So I decided to go into Sephora and make the purchase. The first time I purchased this foundation, I was given the COMPLETELY wrong shade - even though they used the colour match machine. This is not the foundations fault, of course. What is great about this line though, is the amount of shades available, so I was able to return the wrong shade and find one that matched well. Another thing I found great about this foundation is the way it applies - it spreads and blends very well and feels hydrating, but always dries down enough at first to not feel oily or too dewy. Those are the ONLY good things about this foundation. By the time I left my house, I noticed in my car mirror that it was already breaking apart on my nose and cheeks. By the time I got to work, I had to completely take it off my face because it was settling into all my pores, breaking apart and somehow drying but greasy at the same time. I've tried using different primers and sprays to keep this foundation looking flawless, but nothing seems to work. I'm very disappointed that I've spent over $50 on a foundation and it makes my face look like a disaster. I've gone back to my drugstore foundation.This foundation is the only foundation that has matched my skin! It has great coverage and does not have that heavy feeling like many other great coverage foundations. It's a great foundation.I've tried so many different mid-high end foundations, but never really found one I love, since they updated the formula of this foundation, that all changed! The coverage is about medium, but definitely buildable, the amount of color choices ensure that you can find a good match, and it lasts my whole 10 hr shifts with a good setting powder! I have dry skin, this foundation does not cling to dry spots, or crease when I smile all day at my customer service job. Love love love.Finally a foundation that matches my skin tone....its very smooth and non cakey...recommending to everyoneLove love love this foundation. Definitely my favorite I have ever triedSo I had been using MaryKay for years and it was mehhh, mediocre. The thought of looking for "your color" sounded horrible so I kept on using it. Finally, recently I started to do some research for long lasting, natural looking foundation. I have normal skin but didnt want anything heavy or caked onto my face. I have heard amazing things about Makeup Forever so I gave her a whirl. I am extremely happy with it. It is expensive but I use it sparingly. When I bought the foundation, I went ahead and matched the brand with the brush. Both items are one word, solid.I love this foundation. It gives great, buildable coverage that looks like skin. I really wouldnt go for this if you are looking for crazy full coverage (like the Tarte Amazonian Clay, Becca, UD All Nighter, etc.) but if you want a medium blurring, effect..this will be perfect. The only reason I deducted a star is because it takes a few more pumps than most foundations when applying. I bought my first bottle in August and ran out by November. That may be normal for some but for me, I usually get 5 months minimum out of my foundations.Goes on smoothly. Can be built up for heavier coverage.If you like light coverage you may like this, but I found it to be way too light. It goes on smoothly but if your skin isn't perfect the blemishes show through. I'm sadly unimpressed for such a high quality product and it's pretty pricy for being so thin. I found it runny instead of thick like the foundation I like to use. Definitely not my first choice.I am 46 years old , finding a foundation that has the coverage I need without being too cakey has been a challenge. The coverage, the blending and the dewyness has captured my heart!!Excellent foundation for a photo cover finish. Squirt a little on your hand and bad a good foundation brush in the makeup, then bad on face and smooth out. Beautiful coverage, last a long timeOut of every high end bb cream or foundation I have ever tried this is by far the most flawless I've used. Great coverage, great color match, a little goes an incredibly long way, AND it never emphasizes my dry patches or fine lines!Really liked how my complexion looked with this foundation. Was not too thick and looked very natural. Would definitely recommend to othersthis is amazing foundation... when you first put it on. No matter how much primer i wear or setting spray i put on, this always leaves a patchy look after about 2-3 hours for me. I have combination skin and this is great and leaves a beautiful dewy finish when first applied, but it doesn't stay that way. I just wish it would stay like that for most of the school day. It makes my T zone look oily and dry at the same time. Not buying again:/I'm a matte skin girl but this foundation changed me! It lives up to its name and is featherlight without losing the coverage. It blends seamlessly and lasts all day!This foundation is ahh-mazing!! at first i was using L'oreal, but it made me breakout. After I switched to this foundation, I haven't broken out yet and I wear makeup almost 5 days out of the week. It gives a natural appearance and the the product is pretty build able.This is a pretty solid foundation. I bought shade 225, but it's a bit too dark for me. I wear it anyway with good blending. I'd probably go up at least 2 shades if was reordering - which I likely will.
 Pros: Nice formula, blends easily, doesn't accentuate fine lines, leaves face with youthful glow, didn't cause any irritation or breakouts, just generally looks very pretty, somewhat buildable
 Cons: needs a little extra upkeep than I'd like (I'm pretty lazy and like long-wearing budge-proof formulas), needs more blotting on chin and forehead throughout the day, does transfer, starts to show wear on chin and nose around the 7 to 8 hour mark. I find this does "feel" like foundation the whole day. You will know wearing it.
 For what it's worth, I had a stranger stop me and tell me I had beautiful skin - and I was wearing this foundation. So I think that's a win for this one.I have dry skin, with problematic cheeks as I tend to get break outs there, and have acne scaring there as well and large pores around my nose, this stuff doesn't settle in any of the scars or pores, and looks amazing on. My fave thing about this foundation is that it looks the same at 6:30pm as it did when I applied it at 6:30AM. I don't find it to be overly buildable as I find it gets kind of weird looking if you do too many layers, but it gives a very even base so I can go and apply concealer over in spots if I feel like I need it. I don't much care for super full coverage anyways, as I prefer my good skin to still look like skin, and I don't mind being able to see some of my spots. I love the finish and coverage this gives, and the lasting power is insaneI previously used a foundation from benefit, but it made me look really oily so I searched online for a new one. I had heard great things about this one, tried it out, and I just bought my second bottle.This is my absolute favorite foundation! It leaves a lovely finish and is super lightweight! I wore it on my grad day from 11am-4am the next day and it still looked great and stayed on :) Photographs amazingly too!!Bought this when it first came out and everyone were raving about it. I have super dry skin. Not all foundations looks good on my face. At first I did really like that it's light weight and looks natural and not cakey. It looked really good when I try it on in Sephora. But after buying it and I found that it doesn't last and my face will start looking very oily after an hr wearing it.i use this foundation atm but its not my holy grail. looking for a foundation with fuller coverage & it doesnt last very long & looks very cakeyI actually bought this a while ago and initially did not like it. I switched to the stick version and thought I liked that better. I decided to give it a second try and now its my favorite foundation. I use it with a makeup sponge. I love that it's buildable and looks great in photographs. I always get complemented when I wear this, saying that my skin looks healthy and glowy.I got a sample of this foundation in a clutch offer recently, and it's an okay product but I'm not crazy about it...I like my clinique foundation better honestly, and I don't even use foundation a lot at all. I'm not sure if this foundation has issues with certain lotions or if my skin just didn't agree with it at first, but when I applied it, it looked really cakey and I wiped a lot of it off (and I definitely didn't apply too much). Although, it seemed to leave a decent afterglow on my skin so that's why it's alright in my opinion.I switched to this foundation after using Born This Way by Too Faced and I absolutely love it. It's light on the skin, but yet has buildable coverage. It ultimately loos like you have nothing on. Highly recommend to those who are looking for something natural looking.I tried so hard to love it, but it's just not working for me. It settles in the lines. Unfortunately I bought the full size, I'll wait until it's done. I won't be buying again.This a great foundation for combination skin. Light weight, buildable coverage, & the color selection is fairly wide. Packaging is conveniently appreciated.Favorite foundation . I have combo and acne prone skin. Obviously still need concealer with it but what foundation doesn't ? Light enough to wear all day and last!I love this it works great and looks perfect in flas photographyI have dry/normal skin and I have found for this to be a good daily foundation! I use a foundation brush and all I have to do is squirt 1 and 1/2 pump and I'm good. I tend to see that sometimes I have to squirt like 1/4th of a pump (a lot of product comes out with such a small pump, trust me) and use it to build up on a pimple as it tends not to cover perfectly. You could say this is medium coverage. I also wear glasses and the only thing I hate is that I sweat off the foundation by the middle of the day. Good price. Like it.I bought this awhile ago, after reading all the rave reviews online. My skin was pretty oily at the time and it was a mess. I think someone with dry skin would benefit from the foundation. I was matched in store with the 128 shade. It was horrible. So orangey, I am of the Indian descent but i have pretty light-medium skin with golden undertones. I looked very orange in natural light. My neck and chest looked so much lighter. I ended up trying to finish this foundation but it never lasted and i feel like it made my skin break out. Pretty dissapointed.I bought this after an associate raved and raved that this was a great foundation and that it was the best foundation for photos.
 This foundation not only made me look extremely cakey, but after a few hours my entire face was oily and the foundation was melting and smearing off even after setting it. Used it for a week and I broke out badly.
 For the price, I was expecting an excellent product. So disappointed.I didn't see any difference from drugstore brand other than price. Doesn't last 8 hours and very light coverage.Got this for my moms bday. She has a sample and loved it. She raves about this foundations. She even got one for her sister for Christmas. It looks wonderful on her. She's 55 and it doesn't sink into her wrinkles or anything. Makes her look really great. I bought this years ago for myself. I have acne and some acne scars and this definitely did not cover them at all. I had to use concealer then quite a lot of foundation on some spots and I ended up looking cakey or you can still see the redness. It's definitely light-medium coverage. My moms skin is already pretty great so it worked great for her. I have a lot to cover up so I wouldn't recommend if you want full coverage.I have sensitive skin that can be dry in my T-Zone area. This foundation comes in an awesome range of colors, which is a big deal to me since I am a WOC ( I wear Y435). This foundation applies beautifully, but it started to separate and show the texture in my skin. I had high hopes, but this foundation wasn't great for me and my dry skin.This foundation would be perfect if you had dry, clear skin. There is not much coverage and it will take concealer and powder foundation to cover a small blemish. If you have oily skin, stay away from this product. I would use a matte primer and set it with powder and I would still be oily. They have an amazing color selection, though.I was very skeptical about buying this foundation considering I have a massive collection plus the bad reviews were discouraging..... I use brands from Giorgio Armani to chanel, to nars, which are all great but dont give me the natural flawless look i was going for, the Nars sheer glow is beautiful but is abit sticky and rubs off easily even with powder, Giorgio armani would look amazing when i'd first put it on but would look awful after the first few hours, chanel is good too but i hate the floral scent, I have also used Lancomes teint Idole which is also a very nice foundation, but i find it really heavy, I like makeup that doesn't feel like im wearing makeup and this is exactly what this foundation did for me, im very happy with it, I squirt a few pumps of it on a damp cleaned beauty blender and then mix a tiny bit of my tarte rainforest of the sea foundation with it, which is my first favourite foundation but its winter so its abit drying for me right now, but this makeup forever one is a great inbetweenerI love this foundation ever since i had my Color IQ done and it's a perfect match for my yellow undertone skin. It's also excellent for my very dry skin and when paired with MUFE primer for the best hydration. It's lightweight and it did not cake on my face after an 8 hour work day.This is a great foundation but not for someone with a lot of acne scars and acne like myself. I found it difficult to build the coverage and it seemed like my acne bumps were emphasized. Nonetheless, it's a great foundation for all night/day wear and photographs. If you find this foundation slipping it's probably cause of the primer you're wearing or moisturizer. I found this product to work best with their own primer. 
 P.S. Always wear a moisturizer before any foundation! XoThis is my favorite foundation! It's lightweight enough for my face not to feel cakey, but it's definitely buildable for fuller coverage. It works really well with my combination skin and it doesn't make me feel overly oily later in the day. I also feel like the color matches my skin perfectly. It is really worth trying if you've been looking for a new foundation!The make up is good, but I don't think it is good for your skin. My skin looks darker after using the foundation. Would not buy again.It sticks to my dry patches!! I've tried using a beauty blender and brushes to apply it but no matter what I use it feels like it's even making my skin drier... I'll definitely be returning itIs great for photos but definitely is not a day-to-day foundationI don't even have greasy skin but this foundation made my face look like a greasy mess even when I put powder over the foundationI have very mixed feelings about this product. I love the coverage and the color range, however I find that it settles into my face. I moisturize and use a primer that's supposed to cover my pores, but I find the foundation enhances my pores at times. Also throughout the day my face gets very greasy and I have to apply more matte powder. Maybe I'm applying it wrong? I'm not sure but I don't know if I'll be repurchasing.Really love this foundation! It's a little thin on its own, but it looks really polished with a layer of powder foundation (I recommend MUF's Duo Mat). Great for oily, acne prone skin.I have extremely dry skin and this was perfect for me. I do have some redness and this foundation doesn't completely cover it on its own, but I prefer sheer coverage and not a full coverage foundation. However, it can definitely be built up how you'd like. I can see it being a problem for those with oily skin unless it's set with a powder.I have been using this foundation for about two months now and didn't really have any issues. It made my skin oily but I changed moisturizers and started using a powder on top of the foundation. No matter how I applied it, it just always seemed to kind of move, and the coverage was more sheer than full. I love tinted moisturizers, so its not like I require full coverage makeup, but my overall feeling about this product was, "eh". It wasn't until I used my old Lancome foundation today that I realized how difficult this foundation has been, I bought it because several people recommended it, so I'm sure its great for some, but it just didn't work for me. Would not purchase again.This is the best foundation I've ever used. I always try new foundations but I always end up going back to this! I hate thick, full coverage foundation, so this one is perfect for me. It's lightweight, dewy, has buildable coverage, and honestly looks like skin. I wouldn't recommend this if you're oily or have severe acne because it doesn't have THAT much coverage. This is a great foundation for beginners too. It's very easy to blend and I love that it comes with a pump. The best part for me is that there's no SPF so there's no flashback. I wore this for my senior pictures and it turned out amazing. My skin is always changing colors (tan in summer pale af in winter) and I've always found my shade in their color range. I love this foundationLong lasting, buildable coverage but feels really light weight! Skin looks dewy and flawlessIf you have oily skin, I do not recommend this for you. This foundation formula isn't matte. If you have combination skin, it's okay for a few hours but make sure you powder it down.So far this is the best foundation! I dont think it is perfect (doesnt stay all day long) but i like that it is very natural and stays ok throughout the day. I have combination skin.i wore it twice and it looked patchy and wet and did not cover evenly. it was recommended by an employee for oily skin. it was NOT for oily skin. i had to powder four times in a 7 hour period where as with most products i only have to powder once. all of the beauty gurus love it but in my opinion it looked gross and very noticeable. i would give it zero stars if possible.I got recommended by a sephora employee and she said it would be smooth and not cakey. But it gets so cakey and smudges when you even sweat a little. I don't recommend it there are better ones out there .I wanted so badly to love this as much as other people do but I was really disappointed with this product. I tried it with two different primers, I tried using a brush, a RT sponge, and I tried setting it with a couple different powders and it just looked so cakey on my skin after a couple hours. I have pretty clear skin that gets really dry in the winter and oily in the summer, and this foundation just did not work for me. It's medium coverage and the color I bought (R230) was a perfect match for my skin, and the formula was really runny. I see myself trying this again in the future to see if anything changes because I really want this to work! But for now I will be returning :(Most buildable foundation I’ve ever used! Perfect for those days I need a little more coverage than usual. However, an hour after applying my face looks very very oily and shiny. It also does not help redness. Overall, a great foundation for people with little/none acne or redness, but not for me.Love the finish, but sticks to my dry skin really badlyI got this as a buildable lightweight yet good coverage foundation for my wedding. Definitely use it with a primer. And as always please prep your skin before make up otherwise it's going to get dry and cakey. Also use a foundation brush when applying the product for a more even coverage. What is great is that this does not break up my face and actually covered a huge zit on the day of the wedding.Iveee been trying to find the perfect foundation FOR YEARS! Skins not as oily as it was in high school it's just normal(combo) now and this foundation is the perfect satin finish - use translucent/foundation powder for a matte finish, primer sprays for a dewy look, has flawless coverage and stays alllllll day!!! I use MUFE full cover concealer for red spots under foundation and this shii is HGGG!!! Tried EL Double Wear, MUFE Mat Velvet, UD Naked Skin -MUFE HD slays more and seems light enough for warmer weather!I heard this was great for covering acne but it is not full coverage. It is buidable but can look cakey once powder, contour, and blush is applied.This foundation is great and doesn't have as much coverage as I thought, but it's really buildable and never looks cakey!! I recommend this to all of my friends!This is the best foundation I've ever used! It stays on and looks like you're not even wearing makeup with the coverage. Its so light and buildable.I used makeup ever hd for years. It was absolutely the most perfect foundation I've ever used for my skin. My skin looked absolutely flawless and I was always getting compliments. It photographed perfectly. Then they went and changed to the ultra hd. It's absolutely horrible. I figures out the appropriate new color according to the chart and went in and sampled several. It went on ok, but after about 15 mins you can see a green undertone and the product settles and creates what appears to be fine lines and wrinkles. I tried to make it work for about a month but it just got worse and worse. I even brought it with to a modeling shoot and it was terrible!!! So after years of being a fan and referring this product, I had to stop using it. I've been on the quest for my perfect foundation for the last 6 months. I hate when companies mess with a good thing. Why not just offer both foundations?Love it! I have very dry skin this didn't cling onto my dry patches I didn't put powder on and it still lasted through my 7 hour work shift. Definitely recommendI have pale dry skin that breaks out like crazy and has allergic reactions (red puffiness) to almost every kind of foundation and face wash. I have been wearing this for years and will not change. It is so lightweight, you can do a thin layer or totally build coverage if you want. It does not look or feel like you're wearing makeup. Foundation is typically the only face makeup I wear (with primer underneath) so I LOVE HOW NATURAL IT LOOKS. It looks great in photographs and for nights out but is also natural enough to wear everyday and not look caked on. Comes off easily. 
 MY ONLY COMPLAINT: They changed the formula and I prefer the old formula much better. Also despite the numerous shades the yellow is very yellow and the red is very red. But whether you are ebony, ivory, olive or somewhere in between you should be able to find a decent match.The color is good but cracks and leaves skin irritated and feels like a mask. Not worth it.Definitely love this product! It doesn't feel like I am wearing foundation and it also feels soft and clean.After purchasing this product twice, I'm still unsure about how I feel about it. It blends smoothly which I love, but I feel like it slides off my face. Even after using primer and setting it with a powder. I also typically get very oily around my nose and it definitely shows through this foundation. I feel like for the price, it's not worth it so I don't think I'm buying this again. The colour match that sephora does is definitely on point though!I started using Smashbox and then moved on to Nars foundation but I feel Make-Up Forever provides a much more natural look. I have combination skin with a very oily t-zone and this foundation gives me flawless skin, natural coverage, with a dewy finish that lasts well beyond my workday. For a more matte look I use with the HD Pressed Powder...it's quite a power combo for gorgeous skin.I really want to love this. I received a deluxe sample of shade 117 and I loved it. I bought the full size and I am still not sure if I am going to keep it. It looks amazing in photos and if I am wearing it for a few hours it is beautiful and flawless. I have combination/oily skin and in order to wear it all day, I have to change primers, moisturizers and setting spray. I also feel like it is more of a light-medium coverage and I have to use 4 pumps to get the coverage I desire, luckily it is buildable. On the plus side, my skin does look more natural with this foundation, I just need a touch up after several hours.This used to be a great product, great coverage, perfect coloring for my medium complexion. Then with the formula change, it doesn't offer as good of coverage, it doesn't build as easily, and after a few hours it looks like I'm not wearing it anymore, like it faded off. I actually stopped buying it and use another brand not sold at sephora. The salesperson recommended too faced foundation, but it wasn't as good as this one used to be.I finally found it and I have never been this happy. This is foundation provides light to medium coverage and is build-able. I can't get over the moist satin finish of my skin, and most of all how beautiful and even the tone is. It is so light on the skin that I forget I am wearing a foundation on, and after hours of wearing it indoor and outdoor my skin still feels amazing!Been wanting it for so long finally got it in the vib sale. It looks so natural on my skin I love it.I have oil skin. This is nice. It has medium coverage(can be built up to full) and it's quality. It lasts all day. It is a bit pricey but make up for ever makes some of HE best foundations out there. With my oily skin I always make sure to set this.I love this foundation. It looks natural all day and in all lighting. it's a very natural coverage but can be built up to full.Overall I do really like this product! I have dry skin in the fall and Winter and my skin flakes and gets dry patches. I've noticed this really clings on to my dry patches and this product is really awesome if you want to look like your aren't wearing anything on your face. It adds a beautiful color and light coverage. If you can control you're dry skin & u like to look natural than this is a perfect product for youi've worked with this foundation for a while but i started to notice that i would often get oily after 2-3 hours and i would have to boltSo good for dry skin! It goes on really light but still has good coverage.So I got this foundation for grad picture day and first off the colour match is HORRIBLE. Secondly, no matter how long I shook the bottle, it was still separated. The coverage isn't even medium or build able. All my redness was still showing through. Overall, awful foundation stick to Too Face Born this way if you want a medium coverage and perfect finish.I got a Sample of this foundation and the colour match was way better than my Chanel (vitalumière Aqua). I ended up buying the full size and have been using it for about a week now. I am really liking this foundation on my very dry and sensitive skin, i noticed other reviewers saying they hated it on their dry skin. Im not sure why? Maybe the skin care routine needs to be looked at for those comments? Anyways, the foundation is quite nice over all...however i will agree with the other Chanel reviewer that the finish isn't as nice as Chanel. But, this is still a great product. (Side note:Better than the urban decay naked foundation)Ok, I really wanted to love this foundation. However I just wasn't impressed with it. I prefer the finish from my Chanel foundation, however in a pinch I'd throw this on. Again, I wanted to like this but the color just wasn't right for me and the finish was just not to my liking...I have wanted to get this for the LONGEST time. I just didn't want to get another foundation when I already had two that I really liked!! I looked at it in the store and tried it on my face and was like "what the heck....you can never have too much foundation!" LOL I love love how natural this looks on he skin while making it look flawless. I was worried about how it would react to my dry skin, but a good moisturizing primer can prevent any of that!! I wish it had an SPF since I live in a super sunny place now but hey, nothing that a little sunscreen can't fix! Thank you MUFE for this great foundation! I'm not gonna change anytime soon!!I've been looking for so long and finally found something worth it. I've always used mac studio fix fluid and decided if wasn't helping in the colder months. I tried , NARS and it creased way tooo much and felt Iike i always needed to check my makeup. I've always use an oil ( farsali Rose gold elixir) and either apply to bare face or mix in the foundation. Today I tried my MUFE and my oh my, did it look smooth and I did not feel so dry!! I have lots of hyperpigmentation from old acne scars and this just had great coverage. Barely, I creased just a bit under eyes and laugh lines. but that was prob from all the laughing from thanksgiving festivities. I used the others 2-3 times , but this once and I'm ready to switch. For ref I'm 33/y170 . Def recommend for extreme dry skin!!DO NOT BUY IF YOU HAVE DRY SKIN. I used this on myself multiple times with different primers and it makes my skin so dry and flaky! I have more matte foundations that don't even do that. I used this on my sister in law recently and it looks flawless on her! She has normal skin with a semi oily t zone. So it's definitely picky with skin types!Highly recommended. This foundation is so light and gives so much coverage. Will be my go to foundation from now on. It makes my skin look flawless. Totally worth the priceI wouldn't recommend for dry skin! It kinda clung to my dry patches but overall the colour is good but when I would take flash photography it would leave a certain kinda white cast but I don't use any spf in it so idkI had my make up done for my white coat ceremony pictures, I told the artist I wanted something that photographed well, so she choose this foundation. It was horrible it emphasized all more pores and caked up around my nose. I have normal to dry combo skin, and it just made my skin look like greasy chickenMy ride or die foundation! I have tried so many and I always end up going back to this one. It's not too think and uncomfortable on my face but it provides amazing coverage!This foundation is great for taking pics!!! On the camera it looks like you have FLAWLESS SKIN. No complaints. (I have combo skin) Great results for a medium coverage foundation.I went to Sephora to buy a foundation that would photograph well for my grad photos. The girl working recommended this foundation but I wasn't sure since I heard mixed reviews, especially with people with oily skin. The girl colour matched me perfectly, and there are a ton of shades so I really recommend asking one of the workers to help match you. It looks so natural on the skin, literally, doesn't look like I'm wearing foundation. It's perfect. Set with a powder, I was matte for most of the day but I did have to touch up my T-zone. Nothing major. Totally recommend for all skin types!! You'll just have to modify it if you have dry, oily, combo. For example, if you have dry skin, I don't think you'll need to set it. Anyway, totally consider this next time you're in the market for a foundation!!I'm very impressed by this foundation. Honestly, this is the first time I've bought a foundation at this price and I'm glad I did. This foundation makes wonders for my look. I believe it's a full coverage but the consistency is very lightweight. I've received compliments and the best of it all, this foundation lasts 8 hours and more, even with a little sweat....amazing!!!I'm super pale and also super dry, and I've basically spent my entire life looking for a foundation that works for me. This foundation is the first I've ever used that is both the correct shade AND doesn't accentuate my super dry skin. It's quite sheer, so it's not ideal for those needing more coverage, and it has a beautiful dewy finish that gives my skin a healthy glow. It's literally the best foundation I've ever used. A little goes a long way too. I usually only need one pump to do my whole face. I literally cannot say enough good things about this gem of a product.This foundation is my go to foundation. I have oily skin. It blends awesome with other products, is very buildable without looking cakey, and it gives a flawless finish for pictures! The foundation also sets nicely on the skin and lasts all day for me.This foundation is a blessing! Truly fell in love with it as soon as it touched my skin at Sephora. Highly recommend it! Looks very natural looking and has medium coverage but the more you apply the more coverage you will get. One pump goes a long way. I have semi oil skin and it leaves my face looking flawless and very soft!!! Worth the buy!very overrated foundation, light to medium coverage, nothing special, the finish was weird, not matte not dewy doesn't sink into the skin.I loved this foundation. It was my first high end foundation and my holy grail. I don't wear make up every day so a bottle of it lasts a while. So Sunday is my work day so I always use it then, I realized that the foundation has really messed with my pores which isn't good because I've never had a problem with them. So sad enough its time for me to move oni thought about returning this product, but i have nothing else to use. it's very runny and there's not much coverage. if you have oily skin, do not use this product!my skin type is combination/normal, I am using the make up for ever foundation color 117 for years, it has very good coverage but not feel heavy, Armani foundation I used is not feel so light! and I also bought a make up for ever foundation powder. it is very qualified tooI love this foundation. The finish is so natural and it stays on my skin all day long. I don't look like I am wearing foundation, just like I have flawless skin, and I absolutely do not! This is also the only foundation I have found that has a near perfect color match for me. I am light-medium with a neutral tone that leans more pink than yellow, and I feel like a lot of companies think we're unicorns. I can build it if I want, a small pump for day use or really build it for the evening. I don't like having more than one foundation and this fits the bill.this product has an award because it deserves it. I have combination. its dries on me that i don't have to set it... and i don't and last forever. at first i don't like because it was was dry but now i know how to work it.I love this foundation. The color and consistency is great. I need a foundation that looks natural and this one definitely looks like your skin but better.Buildable coverage and one that you can always go to. I have oily skin in the summer and dry skin in the winter and it sits well on both types with or without primer (obvi better with primer). For having somewhat acne prone skin, it doesn't make me break out. It's very affordable and great price point compared to alot of other foundations on the market with comparable coverage. You definitely get your bang for your buck with it, totally worth it!i HATED this foundation. it clung to all my dry patches and was very inconsistent on the skin. don't waste your money on it. there is little coverage and is not buildable at allI really like this foundation. The color is perfect and I even mix a little of my favorite face cream with it to give it a little extra hydration and dewy finish. It's on my top list for liquid foundations.I tried this foundation and fell in love with it! It blends seamlessly & creates this flawless finish.. However i wearer this and within the first two hours it began to look cakey.. I have oily skin so i did set my foundation with powder! It got cake around my nose area & the sides of my lips! I love this foundation but that is the only down sideI really like this foundation, it's buildable and applies quite nicely. However I find that if I don't blend extra well it can appear a bit chalky. It's a good foundation, but not holy grail level.Was given a colour wayyy off for my skin and I asked for a thick heavy coverage but I had to use like 14 pumps to get a coverageExcellent colour match, but foundation does not hold up till the end of the day. Doesn't really sit well on the skin, do not think I will repurchase. Just not a good match for meGood for normal skin to combination skinOut of all the high end foundations that I've used (NARS, Tarte, Urban Decay) this stuff is the BEST! It is super lightweight but gives an amazing coverage. I use my beauty blender to apply..and my skin always looks flawless!This foundation is amazing! It looks so natural with the perfect amount of coverage. Matches my skin tone perfectly. Worth every penny.i am so pleased with this foundation , it covers all my dark circles and blemishes for a flawless face and doesnt cake at all . i would definitely recommend it :)My search for just the right combination of coverage and natural finish is still going on, although this is much better than many of the high-end medium coverage foundations I've tried. It blends out pretty well, but by the end of the day coverage was spotty. And my skin isn't oily.my go to when i want coverage. also really cool the add cover fx drops when im looking for more of a tinted moisturizer look. stays all day, pretty matte. Overall great product.I do not like this foundation at all. I do not get much coverage out of this. I get better coverage out of most drugstore foundations I use! Also I put so much powder on with this and at the end of the day I was sooooo oily!! Not worth it to me at all.Foundation is light and almost feels like you have nothing on which is great. More medium coverage than full. Watch for color oxidation. It can lend itself to be a bit orange-y. If you have oily skin, you may want to steer clear unless you use mattifying products beforehand. I don't think it meets its full potential for the price.I really like the coverage and love how light it feels on my face. Sometimes I feel like it's just doesn't make my face feel bright, but overall a great product.Look flawless on camera! More of a medium coverageThis foundation broke apart on my skin within a couple of hours I ended up returning the foundation within a week.Great coveragefeels good on skinlong lastingHorrible color Will try to exchangeI have been wearing this stuff for years and am finally writing a review. Through all the formulations it remains a great product. It isn't as thick or provide as much as coverage as I thought I needed years ago, but that's because it truly melds into your skin. My skin isn't great, but I have gotten comments for years about how beautiful and "natural" my skin looks. No one ever believes how much makeup I tell them I wear and it is because of this stuff- it really makes you look natural. It does give a dewy, true skin look, so it you like matte, dust on some finishing powder. But seriously, do yourself a favor and try this stuff. I'll never wear anything else!This product does what it says-provides coverage without settling into fine lines/wrinkles. Lasts through my workday and into evening events, if needed. Love it!L O V E I T. I'm addicted to this foundation.It's matches with all skintypes and even if you have a troubled skin with acne you look flawless. I highly recommented this foundation!I find myself always going back to MUFEThe coverage isn't that good i can work with it but it gets pretty cakeyi have the most sensitive skin, i break out all the time and honestly have been looking for Years for a good foundation. this is the most amazing foundation iv used ever. its light weight - but still covers my blemishes, and leaves my face looking flawless and healthy. hasn't made me breakout either which is amazing. I do get tilt in my t zone and i find this does get quite shiny in that area after a few hours so i freshen up with some sephora bright set matt powder.This foundation works amazing on all skin types. The shade range is amazing! Very buildable and very natural looking on the skin.More of a natural finish, the color selection is great and works well on my dry skinFor some reason, even the best make ups can break up on my skin. I have always used MUFE Mat Velvet Foundation with no problems, but this was not nearly as good (for me). I received a sample and loved it, but after buying the full size I had to return it. It broke up on my skin and make my pores very visible. I am a huge fan of MUFE but this was a no for me.This foundation had a color that matched my skin perfectly. Very buildable coverage, so if your coverage preference varies, this would be great for you. It stays on pretty well, too. I have very dry skin with a bit of redness. I'd recommend it.I have very acne prone skin and often break out when I try any new skin care or foundation, but I had no reaction to this foundation. It does take me about 2-3 full pumps to achieve the coverage I like, but it still looks skin like and feels very comfortable all day. I don't experience any issues with this foundation disappearing or breaking up on my skin throughout the day either. I will definitely be repurchasing this foundation!I am very pale skinned but my face gets very red and has an uneven tone. This is the best foundation i have ever used because it gives me the coverage i need to even out my tone but doesn't look cakey.I don't need or like full heavy coverage so this product worked perfectly for me. It's a wonderful match to my skin tone and lasts alll day with a smooth finish that's natural looking and soft. It's my favorite by far.This is my all time favorite foundation. I've tried other brands and enjoyed what they had to offer, but every time I come back to this one I remember why it's my favorite. Definitely invest in a good foundation brush to apply. Make sure your skin is properly moisturized before applying. Other than that, it's easy to use and very natural-looking. People often tell me I have "such great skin" and it looks like I'm wearing very little makeup - but I'm actually wearing this! I'm acne prone and this doesn't make me break out.I'm so torn on this foundation. The color match is perfect, the finish feels like real skin and it wears well throughout the day so for that I give it 5 stars. My issue with it is that I have to use two full pumps to get any coverage. In comparison to many other products and specifically thinking about Nars sheer glow since it is fairly similar, I only need one pump as the product has more pigment. For a high end product that isn't inexpensive, I am going through this foundation much too quickly to be able to put in in the regular rotation. So sad because I really do love everything else about it :(This foundation worked really well for me. It matches the color of my skin really well and they also have so many different shades to choose from. One thing I LOVE about this foundation is that it has never oxidized on my skin. It has never turned orangey. It looks very natural like, you can't tell I'm wearing makeup unless you look very hard, and you can probably only tell if you look hard because my freckles. It has a buildable coverage, like. I can use one dot and spread it over my entire face, and look great BUT if I do two dots then spread it over my face it's more full coverage and you can go on from there based on your needs. I did pair the foundation with the matching concealer. I will definitely repurchase both. I don't wear makeup every day probably only once every few days if even, and it's lasted me over a month but if you wear makeup full coverage every day it may not last as long for you. For me I don't even need setting powder, it feels like skin in my skin, it feels so clean as well! but if I'm going for all day wear I use airspun and set with UD All nighter... Hope I helped you :)Amazing coverage but looks natural and like great skin!I usually do not use foundation as I dont like the cakey feeling and just dont need a lot coverage. But I love how lightweight this felt and made my skin look and feel amazing.I received this as a sample and absolutely love it! It really does mimic skin making for a flawless, makeup free look! You don't need a lot for coverage but it is build-able. I compare it with urban decays naked skin and I like it a little better since UD is a little matte for me. Worth itI really wanted to like this foundation bc of its reviews but it just didn't work for me. For one I have very sensitive skin and this broke me out. Secondly if you have oily skin this foundation is not your friend, unless you prep with a GREAT primer and setting powder. Overall I think it's an average foundation & for this price tag I don't want average. Also if you have black spots or pimples I wouldn't recommend this foundation, it's light to medium coverage and not that build-able. So save ya coins if you have sensitive, oily acne prone skinThis is my go to foundation. I always try others, but always go back to this. It's not great for oily skin, which I have. But it's easy to mange with the HD powder, also other oil remedy treatments. This foundation have a great buildable coverage without the side of cake. Has a great finish, and last all day. Even as I remover my oliy-mess throughout the day the coverage still stays for. A good portion of the day.I would nromally NEVER pay so much for foundation- I am more of a drug store girl when it comes to basics- but I received a sample of this in my Ipsy bag and it blew my mind so hard I had to have a full size in my skin tone. The coverage is glorious- very natural and dewy looking, but it really covers redness and imperfections! Without totally masking my freckles! And my skin can breathe! I'm just enamored with it. I use it without any of the suggested bases, just over my tinted Loreal moisturizer, and it works great. Hasn't made me break out, either.I love this foundation. Felt like a second skin and lasted for about 6 hours while I ran errands. I live in a busy city so I have to take public transportation. I only have to blot my t-zone once throughout the day with this foundation, I love it!This foundation did not work out for me at all. It was a light to medium coverage & I needed something medium to full I even tried layering it and I still didn't get the coverage I wanted, it just left my face looking cakey and oily.This is a great foundation for people looking for light to medium coverage. This is not full coverage. I mix it with my nars all day luminous foundation and it's a great combo.I absolutely love this foundation! It's the perfect amount of coverage. Not too heavy but enough to cover my blemishes.I swear by this foundation! - especially in the winter. I have very dry and sensitive skin and keep going back for another bottle.One of the BEST foundations I have used so far!!! I have oily skin and this foundation doesn't leave me looking greasy. It's light weight and looks so natural with covering all my imperfections!!! Would recommend!!!I have really sensitive skin and this foundation is the best! I love it, it's perfect for my sensitive skin and it's not cakey.MAKE UP FOR EVER IS SO FAB AND FRENCH, PERFECT FOR MY TV SHOW AND IN PERSON AS WELL. YOU WILL NEVER USE ANOTHER ONE, SERIOUSLY!I was looking for a full coverage foundation that wasn't Cakey or oily but wouldn't dry out my skin. This is it!! I was given a little quad sample with different shades and I fell in love when I tried it! They also match your shade at Sephora. Great buy, a little pricey but so worth it.hands down the best foundation I've ever used. I'll never buy any other brand again!!The foundation is great and I'm glad it matched my skin tone almost perfectly. Plus the coverage is full but doesn't feeltoo heavy on your face. Worth the money.This foundation is worth every penny. The coverage is amazing and you look great in pictures.This foundation is great for a very natural covereage. Like many others, however I find that I have to use several pumps to attain my desired full coverage look. Another downside is that I feel it causes any dryness on my skin to be much more visible, and I definitely recommend using a primer to help this makeup last longer. I have extremely sensitive skin, and other foundations have broken me out like crazy! This makeup has helped me keep my skin clear and never causes irritation! Overall good product!I don't understand why this foundation is mentioned by so many beauty gurus. If you have perfect skin, this foundation will work. If not, it will not look nice. It looked like I had no foundation on, and transferred way too easily. Also did not have the coverage I was looking for.This is a good lightweight foundation. My skin looks very natural with this foundation. It is also pretty long lasting. However the coverage is not as good as the previous version.Very lightweight but still provides good enough coverage that makes it look like you have smooth skin especially when applied with a fluff brush as seen in the video.I bought this because Sephora has been out of my color in the HD stick forever, in the store and online. I'm disappointed with the lasting ability especially for the price. Coverage isn't so great either. Won' t be a repurchase.I like full coverage b/c I also feel in my color the foundation is an excellent sun block. This foundation will give you medium to full coverage. In light colors b/c of the high amount of the pigments titanium dioxide/and or zinc oxide It operates as a full sun block even without the SPF on the label and I cannot wear the chemical sun blocks. This works better. I use Sand Beige or Y335 It gives me a smooth clear complexion and makes me look more even in my complexion. I look at least 10 to 20 years younger than my stated age, and this foundation helps. However, I do not have wrinkles. Unfortunately for the 20% off sale, they were out of it. They should give rain checks like other stores do when they are out of something during a sale. How about it Sephora? As far as something being oil free that is a misnomer. All foundations have to have something called "slip" or you would have a powder foundation. Instead of oil they use silicons or synthetic lubricants that don't contain oil and claim that they are oil free. Other things can clog pores and create pimples not just oil. They include the synthetics that create slio and are necessary in liquid foundations. I don't know if this product has a problem with that, but I don't like products that aggravate oily skin and this doesn't.This foundation is lightweight, fragrance free, and it matches my awkward skin tone perfectly. I did not have any problems with it breaking down on my oily face in Texas as long as I put a translucent powder on top before I go. I also have sensitive skin and this foundation did not break me out. I love it!Got a sample of this just as I was preparing to come into the store for a makeover. I loved it so much I just went ahead and ordered it. It's perfectly light weight, lasts all day, has great coverage, covers my redness and makes my skin looks great. I've even been asked if I changed my skin care routine. It's a keeper!This is the best foundation I have ever used! Definitely great for talking pictures and never caked up on your face! This product is great for dry skin.Lots of different shades options so works for Indian girls like me! Great buildable coverage - definitely my current fave foundation.Love this product and looks great in pictures!I got this because I received a small sample with an order and loved it. I have fair combo skin that lately seems to break out if I wear the wrong stuff (at 30) and I used to never have a problem with that. I do use a beauty blender but decided to try my fingers last time and actually prefer applying it that way now. It has good coverage for me and helps cover the post acne red spots quite well. No issues with it after wearing it all day walking around at the ren fest. I use a oil absorbing powder over it from urban decay and barely have to reapply it hours later for oiliness. Also, and this is the biggest plus for me, it doesn't break me out! Love this product.First foundation that matches me personally. Wears great and I have a very oily T zone.I tried this foundation for the first time over the weekend, applied it in the morning and set it with a powder, and after being out until 6 that evening, it help up and still looked good! Its really lightweight so you don't feel cakey, and it blends nicely. I have combination skin and it didn't dry me out or add any oils to my face at all.I've tried quite a few foundations and this is by far my favorite. I have very dry skin so I thought the matte look would not suit me well, by my skin looks pretty flawless when I'm wearing this product. It applies better with a beauty blender as opposed to a brush. My skin looks flawless in photos and it lasts literally all day. I have used this foundation in cold weather and 100 degree weather and I get the same result. Very light feeling on the skin but excellent coverage. There are also so many shades which is great for people who have a hard time matching a foundation to their skin tone. I did not use the previous formula and I've heard a lot of people say it was better than the new formula. I can't imagine! Will never use another foundation!Goes on smooth and it's super light weight so it won't make you feel like you're wearing pancake mix. The wide range of shades make it easy to match skin tones. Lasts all day as well. #loveitI love this foundation. It goes on well/easy. I just use my fingers/hands to apply. It makes me look alive. Bought extra just in case they discontinue or change formulas.This is the best foundation I've ever tried. It's pricey in my opinion, so I tried to talk myself out of buying it for a long time, but nothing else looks quite this good. I'm a medical student and need my makeup to last 10-12+ hours some days, and this foundation can actually do it (side note: I don't need full coverage, so if you do I don't know how the lasting power will be). My holy grail foundation without a doubt.I don't know why people say they don't like the new formula. I actually think it's gotten better. Finish looks more natural and I think the color is an even better match for me now. I have combination skin. With a setting spray this stuff does stay on the entire day. Love it.Looked great when I had first put it on, but after a few hours was very patchy, mind you it was a hot Arizona day but was not impressed especially for the price.I love this foundation! I have been trying out different foundations at Sephora and this is my favorite. It is very buildable and gives great full coverage. I usually set this with the Urban Decay all-nighter setting spray and it lasts all day!!I love this foundation. It gives the perfect full coverage and it matches my skin tone. You don't need so much of this foundation which is great because it would last me about a few months. The pump is very convenient to avoid spills.I have super dry skin, and before, even when I mixed foundation with moisturizer and oil, my face would look as if it was cracking after a while. This actually work, and the collection of colors and tones is great!Only reason I don't give this 5-stars is that it feels like it has mostly come off by the end of the day. It stays put with decent coverage if you layer it on, but oozes off if you have oily skin. I'm ok with it, since I like lighter coverage but wish I didn't have to go thicker to get all day stay (thicker for this still doesn't look cakey). It's also GREAT for sensitive skin.This offers great coverage, doesn't make skin oily either. Works great with a primer; as always you need to be sure the primer has set prior to applying. Sometimes I use the cool shot on my dryer(eyes closed) to help speed up the process. Once you set it w/finishing powder it looks great. I am Middle-Eastern w/combo skin. I use the Y245 shade.Great coverage has a great glow after applyingSo I swore by the smashbox HD halo foundation. Once it was discontinued I found it hard to find a foundation that looked as natural and offered the same amount of coverage. I have combination skin along with some unwanted marks that I always have to make sure that are covered. So to find something that actually covers and looks natural is very hard. I've worn this two days and I'm completely in love with it. Super natural, long lasting, doesn't even get oily throughout the day. So happy I found something that works wonderful. Totally recommend it.It takes me about 4 pumps to cover my face not two like they say! It is great on my dry skin.. also felt so weightless on my face. I loved that!This is the best foundation I've ever used! It slips on my skin like silk and stays true to color and coverage all day. I don't even know it's there. I have normal to dry skin and this is the best formula for me. It was easy to find the perfect color, even online. It's a pleasure to use.I just made the switch from using a very heavy, full-coverage foundation to this one and it has made a world of difference on my skin. It's natural, extremely light-weight and build-able. The color match selection is top notch and I found my match to be the best I've ever worn. The fact that I'm not packing make up onto my face is a huge plus and it provides a gorgeous finished look. I highly recommend to anyone on the fence about a new foundation or this product in general.I never write reviews, but this foundation is amazing. It blends beautifully, I love the coverage and finish. I have dry/combo skin!Excellent coverage and lasts. Im over 50 with fine lines, especially around my eyes and laugh line. This foundation covers fully with just one application and does not sink into my creases. Use a light finishing powder to set. A second coat works nicely for even fuller evening out coverage.This is a wonderful full-coverage foundation for those of us who despise foundation - and it's especially great for those of us who despise foundation but have to wear it for work. Blends well; has a matte finish that looks nice on camera. Don't be alarmed if you've been color-matched but it looks a bit light at first - it will oxidize to a darker shade after a few minutes. Would strongly recommend pairing with a primer, as it tends to wear off after 6 hours or so otherwise.I used to use the old formula and was nervous when I ran out because of the negative reviews about the new formula. Turns out that I love the new formula even more than I loved the old one (which I didn't think was possible!) The current formula feels lighter, blends more easily and looks more natural. I hate heavy feeling makeup and use foundation to give my complexion an even, finished look. I don't necessarily need to cover any major blemishes or discoloration, so the lightweight formula is more than sufficient for me. It is buildable, but only to a certain point, so those looking for fuller coverage may not be as satisfied with it. I personally have been extremely happy with this foundation and highly recommend it, especially if you're someone who doesn't like the feel of traditional foundation and wants a more natural look. Very important: make sure you use a clean brush and a good primer for best results. A setting spray doesn't hurt either!I used to love the old foundation formula, and this was my "go-to", but ever since Make Up Forever changed it, it just hasn't been the same for me. I feel that this newer version doesn't provide the same coverage and doesn't last as long as it used to. Shame. Currently trying to find my new favorite foundation!I always come back to this foundation, no matter how many I try! I hate thick foundations, so this one is perfect as it has a lot of coverage and is totally buildable but goes on very thin. You can't see it on your skin which I love. Some reviews say it isn't longwearing or for oily skin, but I just make sure to set it and it doesn't budge! Also love that it has a wide range of shades! I go between the lightest two, and I can rarely get foundations light enough for me, especially in the winter!Feels light but provides medium coverage. Buildable if you want full coverage. I use enough to even out skin but my freckles still show somewhat. With my beauty blender, application takes just two minutes. Accident proof, no streaks, seamless.
 I like this better than others I've tried:Armani - looked too dewyKat von D - way too thickSmashbox - doesn't look as naturalBenefit Mineral - not as much coverageHorrible for oily skin and isn't long lasting .. so disappointed :(I've strayed away from MUFE HD for a little...I was really into Nars Tinted Moisturizer and the new Velvet Matte one (especially in the summer months)... and then dabbled in Marc Jacobs (re)marcable (which you have to realllllly be careful with..too much makes you too cakey!) and bounced back to MUFE HD this winter and wondering why I ever strayed away for even a few months! It gives you a flawless finish that photographs well too. Love love love this foundation!I got this foundation with high hopes I would fall in love with it but I didnt. Watch my review find out why this foundation is not for oily skin women.Not for oily skin type or people with scarring. I wanted something like the rainforest of the sea foundation because of the natura finish with great coverage because I was in between shades but honestly I'm returning this one and getting the rainforest of the sea foundation again and just mixing it with a darker foundation. This one just wore off in patches and I even tried it with a matte primer and it did not work for me I'm disappointedThis foundation is not long wearing. It wears off in blotches. And if you have oily skin forget about it, even worse. The coverage isn't all that great either. Will not recommend for people who want a full coverage, need a long wearing foundation or have oily skin.Cakey Makeup and wears off in blotches.I freaking love this foundation!! It pairs really well with the color correctors of the the same brand!My favorite foundation. It makes your skin look like skin which I love the most and covers up my redness. It doenst cover up my huge pimples which i am okay with because i like to use concealer t cover them up anywayWanted a foundation that didn't feel cakey but still had good coverage for my extreme redness, woman at Sephora suggested this so I bought it (she gave me a wrong shade) it is supposed to be a lightweight but buildable foundation and I find that when I try to build the layers it makes my already dry skin look cakey/patchy/streaky. Doesn't do much to cover my redness/blemishes unfortunately. Perhaps if you have more normal, clearer skin it would work well for youI tried this foundation about a year ago. At that time I was obsessed with beauty blender and was extremely disappointed with this foundation! It seemed way too sheer. So I returned it. The other day I was at Sephora purchasing Clinique even better foundation the SA told me to try makeup forever again and made me a sample. I went home and tried it. I absolutely love it!! I used a flat foundation brush (MAC 190) and it looked flawless!! I was able to really pat it into the skin and minimize all my pores. A little went a long way as well! I still have half my sample left and I am extremely picky about coverage because of my rosacea. Give this foundation a try and try it with several brushes!I know that this foundation is supposed to be buildable but I feel like I really had to layer it on in order to get my desired coverage. My skin can get really red on my cheeks and I had to cake this foundation on in order to even out my skin tone, to the point where it no longer felt lightweight but really heavy and thick on my skin. Also, this foundation became really patchy after a couple hours of wear and I had used a setting powder. If you really only need light coverage this might work better for you, but if you are looking for thicker coverage in spots to cover up imperfections or discoloration, you might as well just look for a fuller coverage foundation.I've been using this foundation for years and i love it! It doesnt feel like im wearing foundation at all. It doesnt leave my skin flaky. It's more of a medium coverage to me, great for everyday wear.This is a great foundation - it provides nice coverage. It will last all day. It was easy to find a colour match, whereas with some other brands I had to blend 2 colours.This is the best foundation ever, good coverage, natural loook, stays all day and beautiful face in pictures.This foundation just did not work for me. I have tried several foundations but was not impressed. You have to put on several layers to get any coverage and it fades fast. Maybe it's just not that great because I have oily skin?I have dry skin so just about every foundation doesn't work. However, this foundation is very natural looking, and makes my shin look healthy! Must havebuildable coverage, perfecting, magicWOW! I can't believe this is actually my face, my skin looks so flawless but natural. I love how lightweight this feels and everyone kept asking me what was different, why my skin looked so good and how do I get my glow? I was always a fan of the old formula but this is now a staple in my makeup collection.
 This is a must have for every girl who wants beautiful skin!!I use this foundation daily, wanted something full coverage. It definitely provides medium to full coverage which is great and lasts most of the daily on my combo skin. I don't want to use anything else. My only complaint is that sometimes when my foundation brush gets a bit dirty, you can see lines in the foundation which I have to blend out. You'd think it'd be super blended on it's own.I received this foundation as a free sample for review from influenster and I was very excited. I used it a few years ago ago but stopped using it when I ran out. I have been reminded me how much I loved this foundation for my very dry skin. I receive more compliments on how great my skin looks when I use this foundation than any other! I much prefer this to the new stick foundation.Absolutely fell in love with this foundation! Applies flawlessly and makes my skin look very glowing. I received from influenster in order to test product, but I know I will buy the product again on my own!!I love this foundation because it's lightweight, looks flawless,and photographs beautifully. If you have oily skin, this may not be for you. I have combo-oily skin and find that, while it holds up fairly well in cooler temperatures, it definitely doesn't have a long wear time for me during the summer.Its safe to say Im in love with the Make Up Forever Ultra HD Foundation!! I was sent to review the Liquid Foundation in the color R540 as well as the Foundation stick in the color Y535. The Liquid Foundation applied smoothly but did appear the be darker than my natural skin tone which i didnt mind. I used the Foundation stick to highlight under my eyes, my chin, nose, and forehead. Just as you would your concealer. The two worked out perfectly. My foundation stayed on all day. I did have to blot my skin once due to my oily skin but only once. Its official im in love! Thank you Make Up For Ever for the Ultra HD to try!" #ultraHDGenerationI have been dying to try this foundation for some time now and I am glad I was finally capable of doing so. I think my expectations were a little high on this product and I was slightly disappointed. The foundation is more on the liquidy side meaning it is watery I guess you could say. I was expecting it to be a bit thicker. The product has a sheer to medium coverage. Goes on a bit streaky so you really need to make sure you blend. The finish is somewhat matte. However, after going a whole day wearing this foundation my face become SUPER oily. I look at myself when I get home from work and I wonder how I allowed myself to look like that all day. I also noticed a lot more breakouts while wearing this foundation. I do not recommend if you have breakout prone skin. I like the foundation stick a lot more. This is not a bad product, just not the best for my skin,I'm always hesitant to buy expensive foundation because more often than not, I can usually find a cheaper dupe version that works just as well. Fortunately for Make Up For Ever, their product is so good that nothing else I've tried has been comparable. It has great medium coverage, it's lightweight, and has a huge shade selection. Liquid foundation can feel really uncomfortable sometimes, but this stuff feels like nothing on my skin. I highly recommend this product because it's a game changer. Totally worth the price.I love the formula of this foundation! It is smooth and creamy, and blends fabulously. I also love the lightweight feel of this foundation after blending. It gives me a great porcelain finish without any stickiness. Looks natural!I love this product I been using this foundation for 3 years now and I'm loyal to it..It is extremely difficult for me to find foundation that doesn't cling to my dry patches AND isn't too oily. This is the perfect balance for me. The shade range is unbelievable as well. It is incredibly lightweight and leaves such a natural finish. I will definitely purchase when I run out.My whole family swears by this foundation from young skin to the more older skin we all wear it with no problems. Great coverage even for all our different skin types.I received this foundation through influenster and it was a god send because this foundation has been In my makeup bag since I got it. The formula is so creamy but it blends out like a dream and it's a matte dewy finish and last all day without going away the coverage is also great and it's very buildable and doesn't look caked on the face. Absolutely loved thisI am absolutely living for this foundation! It is by far the best at coverage and not feeling gross and cakey on the skin! It blends like a dream and wears all day! I have dry acne prone skin and I felt like it was great for my skin type and provided me with th coverage I needed for pesky breakouts! I highly recommend this product!I loved the color match in this foundation. I wish it was more buildable, I used a beauty blender. Overall, a very nice foundation that doesn't cling to dry areas!I like that this foundation is lightweight and not too thick. The color match is also great for me, however I have very oily skin and I find that it does not last for me throughout the day even if I use a mattifying primer. I think people with normal and perhaps dry skin would find this suits them more.I love the coverage and the lightness in my skin while using this amazing foundation, is great for every day wear and the pictures with natural light are amazing!The foundation is easy to apply and has a great coverage. However does not last as long as i would like it to.This foundation is great! I have combination skin, but no areas felt oily or overly dry! It has a great buildable coverage, the liquid goes on so smooth! I put a little setting powder on top, and after a 12 hour shift it still looked like I had just put it on!This last all day for me just the odd touch up of powder on my noise as I have combination skin. Looks very natural. One problem for me it doesn't Give me enough coverage. I have acne scars and I did two layers of foundation on some parts where I have acne scars and it is only medium coverage. If you want full coverage you need to use concealer. Other then that amazingI have tried so many foundation. I have skin that is neither dry or oily but I tend to breakout in spots often. This makeup has something in it the reduces my breakouts. Makes my skin look flawless and it light weight on the skin. I recommend this product to people all the time. I would say its a bit matt so if you do have oily skin it still might be a great formula just matters on how oily your face is.I love the way this foundation looks on my skin and the way it wears. I prefer lighter coverage, so keep that in mind. It's not completely fuss-free for me since I still have to blend shades and add a white mixer. My preferred method of application is with a Beauty Blender.I received this product for testing purposes, but I am honestly happy that I did. I am officially in love with this product!!! As an African American, there are not a lot of makeup brands that are geared towards us by offering a wide range of shades. Our skins are many different colors and For ever ultra HD is perfect for our diverse skin tones. I love the fact that this offered full coverage for my face and it matched my skin tone pretty well so I didn't have to do too much to blend it in. I am very happy with this foundation and I will definitely be adding it to my collection as one of my go to items!I really love the buildible coverage this foundation gives me! The foundation applies flawlessly. There is no weird smell like other foundations have so thats a plus.This foundation is honestly the best foundation I have tried yet. Not only is this the first foundation that perfectly matches me but it has medium to buildable coverage, and it feels like skin. It does not break me out and lasts through an 8+ hour work day. I highly recommend this to people with combination to dry skin. I am not very oily but im sure with a primer it will work for anyone.Let me start by saying the formula of this foundation is great. The shade ranges and undertone selection is amazing. I was able to try both the liquid and stick version of this foundation. I used both together and separately. 
 I have combination-oily skin. I used both a damp beauty blender and foundation brush. I preferred using the beauty blender because it allowed the foundation to settle in my skin more. The brush made it streaky on my face. I did stuggle at first with the foundation slipping and sliding all over my face. I got really oily. But I couldn't pass on the coverage just because I got oily. 
 The coverage is medium but very buildable. I like wearing a full face of makeup so I don't mind layering to get it the way I want. This foundation made it extremely easy to put the layers where I want without it being too much. I eventually found the solution to avoiding the oily mess that is my face. I really took the time to set my foundation with a translucent powder, baking where necessary and finishing with a generous coat of setting spray. This allowed the foundation to take its true form. The extra time allowed my skin to look flawless and pictur perfect. 
 I recommend this foundation to those with all skin type. Although, it may work better for normal and dry skinned people. The oily-combo who choose to buy this just need to set it well and use a setting spray!Ok, so my hunt for foundation has been an extreme journey (ask any of the Sephora reps that have repeatedly tried to please me) and I am finally happy with my face and with this product! I am a oily/dry combo in all the right places, and a very odd match skin-wise. This product has met all those demands and more. It lasts all day, doesn't flash back on camera and looks incredible on my clients as well (I'm a makeup artist as well). So thank you MUF for cracking the skin-code and making my new favorite product!I was shocked I liked this so much. I usually do not like more liquid foundation for my skin since I am pretty oily but it helped balance out my oils. Stayed on almost all day. Did not make my sensitive skin break out. I received this product for free to review.I absolutely loved the liquid Make Up For Ever Ultra HD foundation, way more than the stick foundation. The liquid foundation is easy to blend, has buildable coverage, and looks great in photos and on camera.I received this foundation as a sample and was in love! I previously owned the HD foundation so I was excited tot ry this re-vamped formula. It is extremely buildable yet lightweight and NOT overbearing. I love the fact that I can take this product for a daily wear or a heavy night time look.I really loved the MUFE HD foundation. The new Ultra HD foundation is nice but I can't personally wear it. This foundation has Bismuth Oxychloride in it which I am sensitive to and it makes be breakout. The coverage of this foundation is nice and build-able. If you don't have a sensitivity to Bismuth then it would make a good every day foundation.As a new mom, I needed to change up my makeup look as part of my daily routine. I don't have a lot of time to spend forever on my makeup! The coverage that this foundation gives is perfect: it gets rid of all of my blemishes or discoloration with one even layer, and isn't too heavy either. It lasts all day, too. It's perfect for my new "no makeup" makeup look.I tried this foundation with hesitation because I was a huge fan of the original HD foundation. To my surprise, I do enjoy the new formula. The packaging is relatively the same to the original in addition to the silver ring around it. I love that it comes with a pump for easy application. I love the variety of colors because it matches my complexion pretty well. This foundation is a lightweight, medium buildable coverage. I would recommend it for someone with very oily, acne prone skin such as myself. It does get dewy throughout the day, so I do recommend a mattifying primer and setting with a powder.I was very excited to try this foundation, as I was in need of something new. I find it difficult to find foundations that aren't too light for my very fair complexion, but Make Up For Ever has a large range available in their Ultra HD Invisible Cover Foundation. The color I used was perfect for my skin tone, not too dark for once! That was a nice surprise. 
 When I first started using this foundation, it was working really well for me. Good coverage, didn't feel too heavy for me. Then the weather started to change, and I started fighting dry skin in my "t-zone." Unfortunately, I'm finding the product doesn't work as well for me with my drier skin. It seems to cake and really cause the dry skin to be visible shortly after application, even with proper priming and moisturizer. 
 I'm looking forward to using this again when I get my skin issues managed.This foundation has great coverage and can absolutely make your skin look flawless. However, as someone with combination skin, this did not control oil/was not mattifying enough for my skin type. Although this foundation looks great short-term for events and pictures it's not long-lasting enough on my skin type to wear all day to class or work. Overall this is a great foundation, but just not for my skin type.This foundation gives flawless coverage. I've used both the liquid and stick foundation and I have NEVER received so many compliments on how flawless my skin looked. I live in a high humidity area, causing make up to "slip" or "melt", not once did I have a problem with this, even on days I did not use a primer or setting spray. I am SOLD on this foundation, do not know how I've gone without it.I received this foundation a couple weeks ago and I'm loving it! The coverage is excellent and i love that the skin looks so fresh and natural.
 I totally recommend it!This foundation has a nice dewy finish and is buildable in coverage. It's not my favorite, but I would use it for photoshoots. I received it as a free sample for testing purposes.I received this product for free for testing purposes. I was immediately impressed with the quality of this product's packaging, the shade range, and the easy to use pump it came with. It is easy to apply with a brush or a beauty blender. I find that the brush gives me more coverage but I also like the way it applies with a sponge. This foundation looks fantastic in pictures, and blended seamlessly with all of my other products I normally wear. I would recommend it 100 times over. Great investment.I use my beauty blender to apply this, and the foundation goes on flawlessly. It's a bit matte for me and oxidizes slightly but I think I could solve this by going down a shade. It's not too bad looking even with the shade I chose though. Packaging is perfect & doesn't leave a mess behind, which I love.I have really enjoyed being able to test this product out, I also had the chance to test out the HD Stick foundation, and I have to say the Ultra HD liquid foundation gives a much more natural look to the face. Your skin still looks like skin, just a little more perfected, which I really enjoy. Whereas the HD stick gives fuller coverage but also still looks very pretty. Personally I prefer the liquid version as I have pretty oily skin, it wears away a lot more gracefully throughout the day than the Stick foundation. If you have normal to dry skin I think you could really enjoy either!I have very fair skin and am on the dry side. Y205 was a shade too light which is surprising since everything is too dark for me, next shade up is y15 which is too dark. The samples I got seemed nice for my dry skin but my full size product seemed drying and accentuated my dry patches. Not sure why there seemed to be a difference between the two. Coverage is light to medium and I have a hard time really building it up for a fuller coverage. It photographs nicely but the longevity is lacking compared to a lot of other foundations I've tried. Overall I probably would not repurchase. This seems more suited for normal to combination skin who are seeking a lighter coverage. If you are extremely fair skinned and desperate for a color match you could make y205 work.This foundation is so smooth, and basically glides right on your skin. It goes on extremely light and is not cakey at all. I really love it!I love this foundation! Its great for my dry skin and leaves a dewy finish. I am very fair so it's nice to find something that fits my color so well! I just wish it had a tad bit more coverage, other than that it's a go to foundation!This is one of my all time favorite foundations. I am in the shade Y225 and it matches me perfectly! It is a medium coverage foundation but is buildable. I love how dewy this makes my skin look without looking oily. I have dry skin and it blends over my skin smoothly.I love this foundation every time I use it people always ask what foundation I use I love how it applies I use a beauty blender to apply last all day and makes my skin look flawlessI've never tried this foundation before, and once I did, it surprised me how good the coverage is and how light-weight the foundation is on my skin!
 Its already medium coverage for initial application, but it's also buildable if you want more coverage. The foundation is long wearing as well, which is good for an all-day use 
 I love how they have a wide range of shades, making it easier to find one that fits my skin tone!
 Love love love it!Unfortunately this was not my favorite foundation. The coverage was perfect and it applied easily however, I have extremely dry skin and this made me super oily and break out. I've never used a foundation that had the power to make my skin lily but I have finally found it. I really wanted to love this foundation due to the coverage but it just isn't for me.Love the formula of this foundation! It has medium coverage and is buildable, doesn't irritate my skin or break me out, lasts all day - I wear for at least 12 hrs., and my powders apply beautifully over it.This foundation is pretty good. I don't need a lot of coverage, so this foundation is great at making my skin look good without making it look heavy or obvious that I'm wearing foundation. I haven't had the chance to test it out in flash photo yet, though. It's a good every day foundation for me because it's lightweight, but for the price I think it should be more full coverage if it's going to be that expensiveit feels really oily, watery , and it look so badThis is the best foundation that I've ever tried. I've tried so many foundations but never found one that I wanted to stick with except this one. It also probablly is the closest I've ever come to finding a perfect match for my skin. I have very fair skin so it can be difficult. Another thing that's nice is how buildable it is. I can put on just enough to feel confident or go all out and it still looks flawless.As a beauty blogger, I always look for foundations that will look fantastic when using flash photography, this Ultra HD foundation by MUFE does not disappoint. I was a fan of their original HD foundation, but the new & improved formula has become one of my favorites. I use this foundation weekly and trust me when I say I have manly foundations in my collection. I always seem to go back to this one and their Ultra HD foundation stick because they get the job done and I know I can count on having flawless coverage throughout the day or if I happen to go to any events. Thank you MUFE and Influenster for sending this liquid foundation and the stick foundation to me for review purposes!All in all this is a great foundation and I definitely recommend it . It goes on nicely and blends very easily with a nice light coverage . Unfortunately I have oily skin so I have to take a few extra steps before I put on the foundation to assure that I stay matter and fresh looking for hoursIt's still pretty warm here in Cali, so I've really been putting it to the test. With a good primer, this foundation really holds up on my oily skin and lays beautifully and comfortably on the skin. It's a thin consistency with a true medium, buildable coverage that I like to use with a Flat Top Kabuki brush or a beauty sponge. I did notice that the foundation lasted longer on my oily skin when used with a brush that really packs it on. Something about a damp sponge seemed to disrupt the longevity of the formula on my skin, so keep that in mind if you're an oily type like me.
 I'm now a full on believer of both Make Up For Ever HD Foundations. The shade range in their liquid format is extensive enough to satisfy most complexions which, as a beauty blogger, really makes me excited. Both formats give a high-quality finish leaving your skin camera ready and is no wonder as to why it's a favorite among makeup artists and public figures.This is by far the best foundation I've ever used.Often times this foundation is recommended with a flat foundation brush, I am not someone who enjoys flat brushes in general... I use a beauty blender, and just apply more on areas that I feel need more coverage.It is the best foundation I had ever usedI've tried many different kinds of foundation, and I always end up coming back to Make Up For Ever. I prefer the stick foundation to the liquid, but both are excellent quality. They provide even coverage but don't look cakey on the skin. They work well with or without primer. If you don't touch your face too much or sweat too much, they'll last all day. I find they work better when set with a powder, but they're not bad without either! It doesn't feel heavy or thick on the skin, either. All in all I really like the foundation and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it (I already got my MIL hooked!).I received this complimentary of Makeup Forever Via Influenster for testing purposes. I have combo to dry skin and despite trying this with various primers it still separates and settles into my fine lines. I exfoliate at least once a week an moisturize nightly and daily. I wanted so badly for this to work for me but sadly I do not feel like it will. I like the stick foundation version better.Nice skin like finish. Great buildable coverage. Does not cake up. Gives an airbrush finish. I have oily skin so this foundation needs to be set or I will be an oily mess. Doesn't oxidize. I received this item courtesy of influensteThis foundation gave an awesome lightweight coverage. I couldn't tell that I had anything on.I received this foundation for testing purposes from Influenster and I absolutely love it! I have used this before and loved it. The coverage is awesome and buildable. I use this almost daily. It applies best with a beauty blender but if you prefer a brush it also applies nicely with that too.My skin is combo to dry. I am 45 and have a few fine lines. This foundation gives great coverage, does not sink into my fine lines and does not cling on my dry patches. This is hands down one of my favorite foundations!! Love it!!The formula is ok. Nothing that stands out from other brands. They do have a wide range of shades but the undertones don't seem to change.This foundation provides great coverage all day, however I find it is slightly greasy when applying and leaves an oily finish on my face. I tend to use the stick over the formula as it doesn't seem to leave quite the greasy look. I generally go for a CC cream over foundation and I will probably stick to it. This foundation is thinner than a CC cream but it leaves my face looking oily. I received this product free from Influenster for testing purposes but these opinions are my own.Okay so I've always had alright skin and found that I didn't need foundation ever. I've recently started using it and I've tried some good ones but OMG this one is pretty awesome! As long as I use my primer It looks flawless.Great coverage,very build able . Plus my selfies look great so that's a plus lol. Def recommend this and also it doesn't make my face oily! What else do you want! Also I love that it has a pump applicator major plus!!!!This foundation is very blendable and lightweight. I have oily skin and found it to be a satin finish. Ive been wearing it no stop for 2 weeks for 6 hours no touch up and it still looks great no separation; it does however get more oily after about 4 hrs It pairs beautifully with the makeup forever primers. However I do find myself choosing the stick version over the original formula. It's a great product if you want to splurge but I'm sure you can find a just as good foundation for half the price if you do your research. I received this product from Influenster for testing purposes, but these opinions are my own.I have pale olive skin and it is almost impossible to find a suitable foundation- until I started using this foundation. Every morning when I put it on I cannot believe what a nice color match it is. The coverage is so natural but still provides a good amount of coverage. The coverage that I get from this foundation is breathable and long lasting. Its a good foundation for the office or a night out because it is such a buildable coverage. I couldnt be happier with this product!I absolutely love the finish of this foundation. It truly looks like my skin but better.I really do love this foundation even though it doesn't love my dry skin. The coverage is fantastic and feels very lightweight. However, it will dry out dry skin even more and cling to any dry patches. I find I have to exfoliate more often and use my face cream more often. Even though it is drying, I still think this is an amazing foundation. It might work better for skin that is a little oily, but I make it work even with my dry skin. I love the feel and coverage that extra exfoliation is worth it to me. I received this product complimentary from Influenster for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own.I love this foundation makes you look flawless so inlove with it however it doesn't stay all day .This foundation provides best coverage. Usually, I would have to apply concealer under my foundation to cover my acne/blemishes but with Ultra HD foundation - just one layer does the job perfectly! It's feels super weightless and not oily, and it blends so well too.I got a sample of this when I was at Sephora because of so many positive reviews. Now I understand why people love it! I will definitely go back and purchase this. That small sample can be used for at least 3-4 days or wears. All you need is a little and it goes a long way. Leaves a very glowy finish as I was told it would by the rep at Sephora. Paired with Laura Mercier translucent powder, it's beautiful!! But also looks radiant when worn alone. Yes!!!This Foundation was amazing!!! It stayed on all day and left a perfect, flawless look. I received so many compliments while wearing this foundation. There are so many colors available that finding your perfect shade is easy!The coverage that the Make Up For Ever Ultra HD Foundation is amazing! I feel like it covers my acne and acne scars really well. It stays on all day without me having to touch it up. I also have really oily skin and this Ultra HD foundation is helping cut down on the oil production. I received this foundation to test.My all time favorite foundation! It'ssuper lightweight with awesome coverage. Always recommend it to my brides because of it's coverage and light weight feeling especially for those who don't like feeling cakey or don't wear makeup often so they like something comfortable. Because of how thin it is, it's also good enough for everyday because a little goes a long way! Absolutely love it!I've been wanting to try this product for a while, and now that I had the chance to use the Ultra HD Foundation as well as the stick, I can only say that I'm in love! It is not oily at all, makes your skin look flawless and soft. I've tried others before, but this one it's absolutely the best! It is easy to apply, and unlike others, the dispenser doesn't make a mess. As soon as you put it on, you can see and feel how it doesn't need more coverage, with the first one is enough. I totally recommend this foundation, I already did with some of my friends and they are obsessed as well! Thank you Make Up Forever for letting me try this amazing foundation!! I will be buying soon!I absolutely love the liquidity of this foundation! I usually feel as though thicker ones have more coverage but the coverage and thinness of this makeup forever foundation have me really happy without feeling cakey:)The Make Up Forever Ultra HD Foundation is my absolute favorite foundation for days when I want full coverage that will last all day. Also, it's blendable and sometimes I blend with a tinted moisturizer if I don't need quite as much sheer coverage. I would highly recommend to anybody wanting full coverage that looks natural and is also buildable. I like to use a primer with it and set with MUFE setting powder as well. I did receive this product sample for free from influenster in exchange for an honest review. When I run out of this product I will definitely be buying more.This foundation is now my go to. Its so smooth, evens out my complexion and it most importantly does not feel or look cakey on the face. This is a top notch formula that is gentle on the skin. Smooth as buttah!I got this to test from Influenster and I'm not normally a foundation wearer more of a BB cream kind of gal but I love this! It goes on so smooth and gives me nice coverage and isn't cakey or heavy at all. It looks and feels like my skin!A photo finish every time by Make Up For Ever Ultra HD foundation stick and liquid foundation. Ideally it's meant to be a two-step full coverage process made to last all day. However, sometimes I experience dry days, and that was where the Ultra HD liquid shined! It's literally what I've been waiting for!! It's a thin liquid which means very light coverage. I figured I'd need several coats and surprisingly I didn't. It was just enough to even out my skin tone and left me feeling like I wasn't wearing anything. I'll will be buying more of this, you can count on it. I use the Ultra Stick foundation and the Ultra foundation liquid together when I'm doing make up for a photo shoot or on myself if I will be at a long event.I tried this foundation & love how smoothly it went on & felt rich & nourishing, without making me look like I was wearing a pound of makeup. It did a great job covering up what was needed, and stayed on all day! You do have to shake the bottle before using!I love this product! I normally have very oily skin and this product goes on light and lasts all day. I feel it gives a full coverage and you don't need to apply a ton. A little goes a long way.This foundation is beautiful! I was skeptical because I thought that it would be a thicker formula but it wasn't it went on nicely is very blendable and is light on the skin. I love it! Definitely recommendI love how light weight it is and the coverage is amazeballs.stays on all day. No movement. It's makes your face look so flawless!!! Perfect for photography #ultraHDgenerationI really like this foundation. Better than I had expected. It has great build able coverage and does not leave my face oily. I would definitely recommend!I enjoyed the coverage, performance and color selection offered by this product. As a mineral foundation user, I was concerned that a liquid would look and feel too heavy - but I was pleasantly surprised how nicely this formula blended!Seriously love this foundation! It provides great coverage without feeling too thick. It gives me a good glow and a dewy finish! It's also pretty buildable, so if I want a light day I can make it work. If I want more coverage for goingI have a lot of acne/ pigmentation to cover up. It has a solid medium coverage. It's buildable but the coverage never reaches to full. My pigmentation still shows, as well as some acne. It's nice for everyday if it's within ones budget ($45). It's lightweight with a natural finish. I would recommend adding a powder if you're oily, it's best used with a smoothing primer. It tends to cling to some dry patches. The longevity is average. I can wear it for 5-8 hours depending on the weather. It's probably a better foundation for less humid days. I like it and it's worth trying to see if it works for you but I personally feel like this isn't "the one" for me. However, I do enjoy it enough to finish it. Oh, and the shade range is awesome!I absolutely love this product. It gives great coverage and feels so light! I use it everyday and would definitely get it again!I honestly was a little hesitant when I received this foundation. I used this brand in the past and the shade I had was far too dark so I ended up using it as a contouring shade. But I must say that I love this product. I used it for a photoshoot that I had and it photographed beautifully. As a youtube trying to revamp her brand it's good to know that I will have a dependable foundation for my work. I especially love this produced when I pair it with the stick foundation.ThIs is by far the best cover stick I have ever used. The formula is killer! A definite must have.Let's just start out by saying I am a busy Mom of two little girls! I don't have time to apply make up more than once a day! I am literally on the go from the moment I wake up! Make up forever foundation has made me feel beautiful at all hours of the day/night. This is such long lasting coverage, the coloring of this product is AMAZING so true, it does not look caked on when you apply it and it feels weightless! Compared to other make up this make up has completely won me over! I love the price tag on this bad boy too... I just can get over that for UNDER $50 you get all day wear and full coverage! Usually with other foundations I start to feel blotchy, however with Make Up forever it stays evenly on my face all day! For the value and quality I would recommend this to all busy Mamas who are constantly on the go!!The BEST thing about this foundation is that it feels like you have nothing on your skin. A light weight foundation that can pack a punch with coverage, this will leave your skin looking naturally flawless through the day. You can apply more in places where you feel you need more coverage. I used this on several bridesmaids for a wedding and each one looked great throughout the day and night through the KY heat. Paired with the HD concealer, you can't go wrong.This is one of the best foundations I have tried in a really long time. I love the shade range and how easy it is to find a specific shade that works just for you. I love how thin the consistency of the foundation is, but yet it's very build-able. It doesn't look cakey when you go for a full coverage look but yet you can put just enough on to give light to medium coverage. It holds up well to my oily skin, as long as I use a good primer. All around a great foundation.This is the best foundation I have used in years. I have very dry skin. I usually use a Chanel and this is way better. I have always had to use s makeup primer first. I only have to use my face cream with this foundation. I will be buying it againI really wanted to love this foundation but for me it didn't give that great of coverage and left me kind of dry. I have normal skin.I love this foundation! It is super customizable and can go from super light to full coverage. I am so impressed with the texture and color. This is a must have for fall!I don't usually splurge on make up but after trying the sample, I ordered a full size immediately. I am oriental (towards the more tanned side) and Y335 turns out to be an exact match. flawless finishing, seamless match to my skin, i have never used any foundation like this one. not cakey at all, but yet again good coverage for my liking. perfect for the natural yet put together look.I wanted to love this Product, trust me! It left me flakey and dry. It could just be me since most people love it. I have oily skin and this did not work for me. I used elf in between my new product and it did a better job. :(This foundation is so great! It covers my skin evenly, has a great consistency and it was the perfect color for my skin. Good amount of coverage, completely makes any red spots unnoticeableThis is absolutely perfect! It gives me beautiful medium coverage and really lasts well. It's totally undetectable on the skin and I love that! I'll be happily using this for a while.I love this foundation I have been a big fan of Make Up For Ever for years. I love the new formulation I was sent this foundation for testing purposed through Influenster. I had already been using it personally. I love to use it with a beauty blender! My favorite setting powder to use with it is NARS or Hourglass to give it an ambient finish! I will continue to use this personally for a long time. I love the color range and everything about it.Received this product from Influenster #UltraHDGeneration and I have purchased 2 additional color options, this foundation covers good with medium to buildable full coverage, easily blends with a brush or cosmetic sponge, lasts around 6 hours before needing to blot or powder for oil, which I have combo oily skin, it was never cakey and I wear it daily!Short story: Best foundation,lightweight with buildable coverage!This stuff is my holy grail!
 I received this for free from Influenster try out and after a mont. This foundation is lightweight with natural look. If you need full coverage just apply one more stroke, just on the parts you need. Even after building another layer, it doesn't look heavy or like a mask. If you wonder, it has a natural matte finish. With a base primer will last all day (9hours+) even on mixt skin. I use this product everyday.Overall, I love this foundation and I recommend it for dry/mixt skin.This foundation is everything i've been looking for and more! it's truly a skin like finish even when built up to full coverage! i tend to use the makeup forever step 1 primers with every foundation i use so that is exactly what i did with this one first the green one and then the smoothing and this over those two is the perfect combo! i makeup youtube and instagram videos and this looks fantastic on video! i absolutely love it! i love how it builds so easily without caking up or giving my dry patchy skin any texture issues. it sets very nice but i love a matte finish so i use the translucent powder to give a more matte finish. this routine gives you a flawless finish all day. my days are usually 7 hours and it lasts perfectly. also keep in mind i layer it two times plus three times anywhere i need extra coverage, with a layer of powder! it doesn't accentuate texture at all. the consistency is also not too runny or thick the right in between. they really executed this foundation perfectly. and can we talk shade range!!!!! it's Perfect!!!! i have never had a foundation match me so perfectly! you have so many options from light-med-deep & from pink-neutral-yellow/golden/olive. also the price isn't too high for what you are getting! most foundations at sephora are above this price range.I've really enjoyed using the Ultra HD Invisible Cover Foundation. I received this for free from Influenster try out and after a month of wearing this consistently, I feel like can offer a honest and informative review. 
 What I enjoy the most about this foundation is how light weight and natural it looks on the skin (I know a lot of people say that about foundation, but it's true for this one). Since it is so light weight, you do have to build it up if you want full coverage. I have some discoloration from old breakouts and this foundation covers it with ease. However, I have to add an extra layer to cover some broken capillaries on my cheeks. Even after building it up, it doesn't look heavy.  I have very complex skin at the moment. I'm using a Retin A so sometimes my skin is very dry and flakey and other times it gets really oily in the T-zone. I feel like I can use this regardless of how my face is doing. It has a natural matte finish so it doesn't emphasize my oiliness and since it's not super matte it doesn't emphasize my dryness. I would definitely recommend a primer with this as it will wear off/break up in the T-zone after 4-5 hours. I love using this for a night out because there isn't any sunscreen in it and because of that it doesn't cause flashback. It looks great in photos. It's definitely my go-to if I know there will be pictures taken.Overall, I really enjoy this foundation.I love how light this foundation is, it doesn't feel heavy on my skin, and it covers really well, I would say it is buildable coverage.Not impressed, if you're like me and have dry patches now and then this foundation tends to stick to them and make them stand out. I've tried exfoliating beforehand and its still drying, not crazy about the coverage either, would make my makeup crazy oily after a few hours. Just expected more.I absolutely adored this foundation! It is very silky and provided a seamless coverage. I do have some redness so I was able to build it up to get more of a full coverage look. I love how easy this foundation blends and how lightweight it is.I adore this foundation. I fell in love the moment it touched my skin. I have oily skin and it stays well, doesnt settle in my large pores. Feels light, not cakey at all. I will be buying this over and over!It went on my skin so effortlessly and had buildable coverage. It stayed on my face all day and never gave me a cakey look to my face. I have some dry spots on my skin right now and it made my skin look almost flawless! I have found a new product that I am going to stick with!I absolutely love the formula to this foundation! This foundation is flawless on my skin and its not cakey! I am super picky when it comes to foundation and i fell in love with this one. There are 40 shades which means there should be a shade for everyone! I would say the formula is light weight with a natural finish. The foundation is not full coverage but you can build it up! To apply this foundation i use both a brush and a beauty blender and both come out flawless, so it depends on what you personal prefer. I would recommend this to everyone who has dry to normal skin.My previous foundations required a lot to be used. I really like this one because it doesn't require a lot. It covers my redness pretty well, but not completely. Will be buying again.The upgraded formula is amazing. It's more "skin like" while giving great coverage. The shade range is increasingly and this formula truly meshes well with any additional products without looking cakyThis is one of my favorite foundations! It's a great natural finish with buildable medium to full coverage. It's a light weight formula and doesn't feel heavy on the face like a lot of other foundations I've tried. I typically use my BeautyBlender to apply it, so I can get a dewy, natural application. They have a shade for everyone!This product was recommended to me at Sephora during a consultation I have a ton of redness that gets worse with age and large pores this foundation is the holygrail I threw out every other foundation I own light enough for daily wear but buildable enough for any event.Great for any one, would recommend to allI have been testing out this foundation for about 2 months now, and am loving the effect it gives to the skin. I received a bottle to trial from Influenster. For reference, I live in a high altitude, dry climate and have normal to dry skin with sporadic bouts of adult acne. I have light skin, so the acne spots are very red and visible. I find this foundation to provide light to medium coverage that is definitely buildable. After it sets, it has a nice dewy finish. (For another reference, I do always layer up on oils/hydrating serums and moisturizers underneath all foundations I use) I haven't been able to build it up enough to fully cover my red acne scars though. I definitely need to use concealer with this foundation. The stick version is definitely higher coverage. I apply it by dotting the foundation across my face and tap it into my skin with my fingers. I then take a damp beauty blender and bop it all over to finish blending. It's easy and it lasts for hours (without a primer). Love this #UltraHDGeneration foundation.I love this new formula so much better than the old one. This one looks more skin like and goes on a lot more smooth. It fills in any lines are in perfections to give my skin a flawless finish and photographs beautifully. I don't have to worry about getting shiny throughout the day. This is a great special event, night on the town, or going to be on camera foundation. If you haven't tried it I suggest you do.Goes on evenly and smooth. Medium to full coverage depending on how much you put on, but definitely buildable. The color fits my skin color perfectly, just make sure you know if you're yellow or red toned.I enjoy this product on days I am looking for light coverage. I have dry skin, and this product is hydrating and does not feel too thick. However, it does not have immediate coverage. I do think it is buildable though to become the amount of coverage anyone would need.I'm obsessed with the new Make Up For Ever Ultra HD Foundation. The original formula used to be my holy grail foundation because of how airbrushed my skin looked on photos but this one did not disappoint. I love that it feels lightweight while giving me a natural finish. It looks beautiful in photos and in film. I'm pretty sure there is a shade for everyone with different undertones too.This foundation is amazing! I can't believe I hadn't tried this early! It is very lightweight and the coverage is also light. It is a build able foundation that doesn't leave your skin feeling cakey or heavy. And the color range is incredible!Love this foundation. Last all day, easy to blend and adjust coverage. Makes my skin look flawless.This foundation is perfect if you're looking for simple coverage. It is not matte nor dewy and it truly is like you're not wearing anything at all. It's medium coverage but can be full coverage if you build it. I've been using it for over a year now.This was my first time trying MUFA foundation and I really like it! I have fair skin with warm undertones, which can be hard to match, but found a shade that really worked with my skin tone.
 My biggest concerns are uneven coloration and dark marks where acne is healing/fading. This foundation did a really good job with coverage and it was definitely buildable where I needed it! 
 I normally wear a more dewy foundation, and this one is definitely on the matte finish end of the spectrum. For me it reads really classic and I think the matte finish lends itself well to nighttime looks to support a bold lip or eye. Definitely a product I'll be keeping in my arsenal!I received this from influenster in a free VoxBox and I absolutely love it! Smooth, good coverage. I love applying with a beauty blender.I've been wearing this foundation for the last couple of weeks and am absolutely in love with it. The coverage is medium to full and you can build it up. It doesn't feel heavy on the skin and it blends really well. I love the color selection they have because you'll find the shade you're looking for. The packaging is sturdy and its safe to travel with. It wears pretty well throughout the day, but i did notice that it transfers a little bit on clothes so be careful with hugging people.I received this foundation for free through influenester to do a review. I am so happy I was elected for this campaign because I absolutely fell in love with it!! it has great coverage for dry skin. I almost looks like air brush. I was very impressed. This is a product I would for sure buy again:)I received this product compliments of Influenster and Make Up For Ever to test and review. I personally love this foundation. It's wide range of colors makes matching easy. It's buildable and works best when applied with a foundation brush and is pulled and stretched and buffed out with a beauty blender. It can be mild to full coverage and is delicate on the skin. I love itAmazing foundation with beautiful natural finish! So so happy with itOne of my favorite foundations that only got better with the Ultra HD formula. As long time fan of MUFE Invisible Cover, I was pleased with the expansion of shade options and the improved formula. It is easy to wear and apply, the coverage is consistent and doesn't look cakey or heavy. If you have oily skin, a primer is a must have, especially in humid areas.I was surprised that I actually liked this foundation, I always purchase matte foundations and even have the MUFE matte one. I thought for sure that I would get oily and need to blot all day long but I didn't. It looked nice all day long. So glad that I recieved this from influenster for testing purposes or I would have never tried it otherwise.I've really enjoyed this foundation - A LOT. With just a small amount, the Ultra HD Invisible Cover Foundation has been fantastic at covering the flaws, redness and unevenness that I need hidden, with no extra oil. I would also consider it to be long-wearing, as it lasts me throughout my fast-paced work days, into evening dinners and late night cocktails.I received this for free for my honest opinion from influenster and makeup forever. This is a light - medium coverage foundation that does what it states. However to get the coverage I like... I have to use quite a bit. Which is unfortunate. Other than that it is a pretty good foundation.I received this foundation in my VoxBox when trying foundations I look for something buildable and something that does not turn orange throughout the day or get oily as I live in South Florida and this product did all of the above ! I am soooo happy with the results I went and purchased two !I received this awesome foundation through Influenster. It gives medium coverage with a dewy finish which makes it perfect for that fresh dewy look I like to accomplish in the Summer. I typically go for a buildable foundation and that's why I have it 4 stars instead of 5.This isn't a foundation I reach for often. I find it delivers very poor coverage. You almost have to layer it and definitely apply it with a flat top brush.I received R520 in my Influenster VoxBox. I immediately loved the packaging including the pump. A little of toduct goes a long way. The product is creamy and buildable. It's is also long lasting. I have worn it for up to 10 hours without touching it up. This is my new go to foundation.I received this foundation as a sample and fell in love right away. I have really dry skin and it is always really hard to find a foundation that doesn't cake up on my dry patches. This product didn't cake up at all. I was wearing it for about 14 hours with no touch ups and it still looked amazing. I have light skin with pink patches all over. This product covered all my pink patches and left me with flawless looking skin. On top of all the positives I was able to find a perfect match to my complexion. This is my new go to foundation. Worth every penny. Love it!I got color Y345. I'm pretty neutral with a lot of pink on my cheeks. This foundation does an awesome job at covering my redness and evening out my skin tone! I also have dry skin, specially around my nose and this foundation doesn't cling to the dry spots (over a primer). I like it because it's light weight and it doesn't feel like I have foundation on. I would give it a try if you are in the market for a new foundation! I've been using this foundation for 2 weeks everyday and have no complains! (I received this product for review purposes but all opinions are my own)Definitely my new favorite foundation. A light smooth foundation that has a medium coverage. Definitely builds well. Love it so much I told a friend to buy it.I received this in the mail and fell in love immediately! I have sensitive, dry skin. This foundation goes on and my skin doesn't burn like with other foundations. Additionally, you can not see the dryness underneath the foundation. You can layer this onto the skin for extra coverage. During a breakout, I layered on over a very red pimple and you couldn't see it all. I would definitely recommend it.I received this product to try from Influenster. I absolutely loved the stick and the liquid I used them both days apart to get a good feel for both. I have dry skin and didn't even have to use a moisturizer with these products. FULL coverage and lasting on the skin.I am obsessed with Make-Up Forever. The color is absolutely perfect (which never happens) and the it's the only thing aside from Bare Minerals that doesn't break my skin out! Not gonna lie - totally fallen asleep in this make up a few times and I still wake up to skin that doesn't hate me. I agree that it is very liquidy but I like the texture because it goes on smooth and doesn't look like cake sitting on top of your skin.I was a ride-or-die lover of the original HD foundation. Didn't matter how I applied it, it always looked perfect. It blended well into moisturizer for quick sheer coverage. Then they had to go and change the formula. WHY? There was nothing wrong with it! Now, no matter what I do with it, I can't get it to look right on my skin. It sticks to dry patches, breaks up in oily areas much quicker, and just in general does not have as good of coverage. And it doesn't build well at all. Seriously disappointed.This is my favorite foundation, EVER! It matches my skin perfectly. It provides full coverage, without looking fake or caked on.This is a great foundation but the price mark is a tad bit on the higher side. It is a bit more liquidy- so I've found that I've gone through it fast. I like the born this way better, same type of coverage, and not quite as expensiveThis fondation formula is so great. The coverage is unbelievable and it dries to where it doesn't flake or make your skin look flakey but doesn't transfer. It lasts a long time because it has a lot of product. Ive been happy thus far! I got the wrong color (or maybe I just stayed out into the sun a lil too much??) but other than that everything is great.I'm usually not a fan of foundations because they leave my skin feeling oily throughout the day. But this one by Make Up Forever is absolutely amazing. A ilghtweight foundation that doesn't make you feel like you wearing too much makeup but leaves your skin flawless!i received this product free from influenster in order to review it- all opinions are my own! first, the color. i have a super specific skin tone so the only way i can make this match is by layering products so taking that extra step can be a slight burden. Second, application is easy and has good coverage. i love how it looks in pictures and how evenly it applies. seems to have good durability, too!I got this and the stick foundation. I've been looking for something that won't dry me out in the dry, cold winter months. It's good, but I'm returning this one and keeping the stick. The stick is actually more moisturizing and looks more skin-like!I recieved this product for free from Influenster for review purposes all opinions are my own. This is definitly medium coverage, natural/satin finish. Long wearing photgraphs well HOWEVER the shade I got R520 was not dark enough for me. (I have hyperpigmentatation & shade match to my neck because my actual face shade is MUCH lighter.) I am also oily so this doesnt really work for me in particular.I got this as a sample and immediately fell in love!! I went and purchased a bottle asap! I use it over my hourglass primer and set it with my Laura powder & boom perfection!! I get non-stop complimentsI am obsessed with this foundation. I have it both the liquid and the stick (which I am the same color in Y445) It gives great coverage ( I use it with my MakeupForver Primers) and is good alone as well. It looks amazing in photos as well and as it says it's Ultra HD. It is a medium coverage but with a little more foundation it is buildable to full coverage.This is my second time trying out this product as a sample, I really wanted to like it since it's a popular foundation. But I honestly really hate it. It's terrible for my dry skin and applies very streaky and doesn't blend well at all!This is the second time I've tried this product thanks to Influenster gifting it and I'm in love! Once you find you're right color (oops, on my first try) the coverage is really flawless. It's definitely light weight and buildable - which I like and dislike because I do feel like I'm using more product compared to other foundations I've tried. Overall I like the coverage, but wasn't thrilled at the wear once you hit 8 hours or so IF you're not using the MUFE primer.Great foundation was good coverage. However, the color coverage only lasts a few hours. I usually have to reapply over lunch.I love the feel of this foundation on my skin. Looks amazing in pictures. But it definitely took some trial and error with primers, setting powders, and the application tool. The formula is no primer, fingers to apply and definitely use a setting powder. Price is the reason I gave 4 stars. I don't know that I would repurchase this but I'd definitely recommend to a friend
 I was however sent this production free to for review.I tried this foundation for a while and I just could NOT use it anymore. I have oily skin and 2 hours after putting it on it made my skin shinny and it gave absolutely no coverage. It just go streaky. I'm not pleased, although sometimes when I go out at night I put a thin layer under my other foundation.I've heard amazing things about this foundation, so I was so excited to try it when I got it. I have oily skin with a yellow undertone, so it's very hard to find a long-lasting foundation that matches perfectly. This foundation lasts all day long and matches perfect with my warm, caramel complexion, without being ashy. It feels almost nonexistent on the skin, but has a wonderful coverage. This is definitely a staple my makeup bag.This foundation is definitely one of my favorites. It leaves a flawless finish and gives a buildable coverage. I would recommend this foundation to a friend.This foundatoin is not great. Looks horrible on my dry skin & looks streaky even with a beauty blender. I can find better for way, way less. NOT impressed.This is one of the best foundations I have ever used! First off, the color was a complete match! Score! Secondly, it goes on really smooth and covers pores and imperfections well. It has a buttery feel and doesn't irritate my super sensitive skin. I set it with a finishing powder and was good to go all day! Thank you Influenster for the product to try!This foundation is top notch. I have very uneven skin and this provided coverage and brightness to my skin. I tend to run oily and it didn't add to that in any way. It definitely gives that photo finish look! I would highly recommend this product.I like so far, I got it in as a sample in my ipsy bag so I wasn't able to try it out long enough but I liked the coverage a lot and a little bit goes along way. The color was just a bit off but I worked my way around it. It also mixes well with my Lancôme Tient Idole, they both gave me great coverage and had great consistency mixed in together. I'm going to buy a full size so that I can try it out some more but I really do like it. I'd say it's worth a buy, worth the money and clearly it has a nice shade range, which is always a plus .This is, without a doubt, my new HOLY GRAIL foundation!!! I have acne prone, combination skin - super oily t-zone and dry cheeks - and this foundation lays so nicely all throughout the day. I use a primer first, and then a beauty blender to apply the foundation; which ends-up leaving a flawless, natural matte finish. I'd say it gives medium to full coverage, but it's definitely buildable. My oils broke through about three hours into the day, but that's nothing a blotting sheet can't fix. The important thing is that the foundation doesn't smear when I use blotting sheets. I like this one WAYYY better than the MUFE HD stick version of this foundation; my face was left patchy and like an oil slick within a couple of hours with that one. It seems like this one gets mixed reviews, so I'd say, play it safe and get a sample. I certainly don't regret trying it out!!!Very easy to apply; not streaky. Decent coverage, & has a silky finish. Overall a good product. I received this product from Influenster and I am happy I was able to test make up forever products since I have not used them before.I really try to stick with a couple foundation brands because I rather spend money on skin care and lipstick, but I was excited to try this product with it's new formula because Make Up Forever is a trusted brand and I use their Face and Body and Pro Finish powder. Can I say this foundation makes me look amazing! Flawless and gorgeous. It truly enhances my skin tone and gives my skin a boost of freshness that I don't get from other products. Since I have oily skin, primer is a must. I also don't think I would wear it in hot weather.If oily skin is not an issue for you, then you can wear this any time of the year. For those concerned about how long coverage lasts, I would say 5-6 hours. Which is not a problem for me because after that, I am ready to refresh my look anyway. FYI- Y535 is the shade I am using which is the old 178.No one is loving this foundation more than me! I have been using it for some weeks and the more I use, the more I love it! It has, for me, the best lightweight coverage. It goes on light, but provides excellent buildable coverage that lasts all day and doesn't require touch ups! Years ago I had skin cancer and it left me with two scars on my face, not easy to talk about it, but this foundation gives me a natural flawless complexion, great coverage of my scars, even on pictures! I have read about that foundation and went to Sephora to get a sample and was loving it and to my surprise days later I received it from Influenster! Best gift ever, isn't it?!I find the price fair since it is such a unique product! It has a beautiful package. You have 40 shades to chose from and if you still don't find your perfect coverage you can use the Ultra HD Shade Conversion Chart, perfect huh?!I apply a primer with sunscreen first since the foundation doesn't have a SPF in it, then I apply the foundation with a sponge and to finish I apply Make Up Forever translucent powder! The foundation blends so easily and a little goes a long way! If you want a natural looking finish and a great buildable coverage with lighter weight, you should try it!doesnt cover barely anything, and very oily, easily comes off.I am not one who tends to wear foundation, I was ok with just BB cream but I received a deluxe sample of this so I figured I would try it out. Wow... it works amazingly well! It blends easily, a little bit goes a long way, and it gives a flawless complexion. I am so impressed with this. For someone who does not tend to wear foundation, I will be picking this up my next time in Sephora. LOVE!I love the package, it's sophisticated and elegant and it has a good amount of product. I apply it with my beauty blender and it blends really good, it matches perfectly with my skin. I have normal to dry skin and this foundation stay long, it looks natural and doesn't crack. Its coverage is medium to high, it can be buildable.I received this complementary to try for my opinion. I absolutely love this foundation! I applied it with my morphe 439 foundation buffing brush, and then I go in with my beauty blender to remove any spots that may have gotten to much product, leaving a flawless finish. It blended into my skin very well. It has excellent build ability, that allows you to choose how much coverage you want that day. It's blend ability is easy, quick, and saves you time. This foundation is so light feeling that I could hardly even feel that I had foundation on. It is smooth and looked flawless all day long. I struggled to take it off at night because it looked like it was just applied. While maybe close up you can see some spots that were getting bad, far away it looked perfect.
 I've worn this for 24 hours, and it STILL managed to look good. I think it is awesome that are so many shades in this foundation, anyone can wear it. Even if you can't find the exact color, never fear, blend those colors together!
 I don't wear makeup continuously every day, so I can not say if it will dry out your skin. I do know that it is important to wash your face very good after using this, don't want any break outs from left over product!
 Be careful if you are out in the sun with this product as there is no SPF in it. You will burn! This foundation is perfect for pictures or videos. If you are hesitant about purchasing the full product, sephora is awesome with giving you a sample to try. Trust me you will fall in love RIGHT AWAY!I received this for testing purposes from Influenster and have been using it ever since. I never owned/tried a Makeup Forever product and I must say I'm impressed. The texture is like silk and glides on your face smoothly. The coverage is satisfactory, however, I noticed I have to more product than I should. It melts into your skin and makes it to where you find yourself constantly adding more and more to your applicator. I do love the wide range of colors available because my skin tone is incredibly hard to match. Overall, I love this foundation and would definitely purchase it even for this price!This is such a great everyday foundation! It has the perfect amount of coverage, and can easily be layered to add more. I have super oily skin and as long as I use a primer and set my face with powder I am good to go all day! I have multiple bottles of this at home, I love it!!Loving this! Great for my normal-dry skin, the coverage is full yet still gives the look of skin. I find this very easy to blend and doesn't get cakey at all!This foundation is very light and goes on thin. My only complaint about this product is that it seemed to make my face oily. It's a very nice foundation if you're just looking for something light and natural. The coverage lasted all day, which is a big plus. I would not recommend this product to someone who has naturally oily skin.Love this foundation! Purchased in 115 /R230 It lasts all day, still looks great by the end of the day with no touch ups. Buildable coverage to let the freckles show through. Doesn't oxidize. Doesn't make me break out. Photographs flawlessly. Keeps my skin hydrated.Just checks every single box on the list.
 For reference, I use either the benefit porefessional primer, or the smashbox pore minimizing primer (the purple one). And I have mostly normal, sometimes dry skin.
 Just love love love love.Not a bad foundation, but it didn't wow me like I was expecting. On the majority of my face, it looked good throughout the day. In my problem area (nose), however, it sunk into pores and wore off my nose. I had better luck with the Cover Stick from MUFE.
 I received this product free from Influenster.Received this for review purposes and I'm so glad I did! I used to old formula in my kit and didn't like the packaging and the formula wasn't my favorite. I like the lasting power and the finish of this and the packaging is super secure!I absolutely love this foundation. I have been meaning to buy a high end foundation but never found the perfect formula for my skin. The Make Up Forever Ultra HD Foundation is amazing. It applies smoothly and gives me the perfect coverage. I love that it feels so light weight and does not make me look cakey. The foundation makes my skin look flawless in photos. I 100% recommend to everyone!Finally! My search for the perfect foundation is over. I can go all day without worrying about shininess, creasing, fading... my foundation looks as seamless and beautiful as when I first put it on in the morning. I really like the creamy texture and the blendibility. Also, there are no perfumes to worry about. I would and have recommended this product to friends and family. I received this product for free in exchange for an honest review. And HONESTLY, I love this stuff! I am a Make Up For Ever Girl FOREVER!This gave a beautiful finish but I could not for the life of me get it to stay on my nose. This isn't something I struggle with and I just found myself spending too much time in the morning trying to make this foundation work.First off, I love the packaging for this product. It feels high end compared to my typical foundation choices and it has a pump! Big deal, right? Right! Pump foundations are way easier to use because you can get the right amount of product every time. I have found with foundations like the Maybelline Fit Me line that the pouring bottle is messy and difficult to work with. In order to achieve a sheer to medium coverage I used a pump and a half of the product (don't forget to shake). Then I dipped the tip of my damp beauty sponge into the product and dotted all over my face. Typically I use the sponge to tap the foundation into my skin but I found that my Morphe M439 blended it out flawlessly. The foundation has a very lightweight, buildable coverage which is perfect if you're like me and prefer sheer to medium coverage. It also blurs my pores while also feeling like a natural second skin. I have oily/combo skin and this foundation left me matte but natural which is absolutely necessary when I look for a foundation. The only downside of this product is the price tag. I typically buy drugstore foundations and the MUF Ultra HD Invisible Cover Foundation costs a whopping $43. Will I buy it again? We shall see. But I do think that it is worth the price.I'm always in search of a holy grail foundation and this may be the one!
 It has beautiful coverage that you can build upon so it doesn't just sit on your skin - it's melds perfectly into it without settling into your pores. The texture is smooth and softens giving the skin a very airbrushed look.
 So many shades to choose from and I use one for my base and one for contouring.Okay so I always heard great reviews about make up forever foundations and all I have to say is that IM OBSESSED!!!!! The coverage is great,it doesn't feel heavy on my skin and most of all my face does NOT look oily. At first when I tried it on my wrist it seemed drying but once I used it it was amazing! My selfies looked so good lol and I even got compliments on my skin. I'm genuinely in love and I will def keep purchasing. I went and bought the coverage as well! Don't forget your primer and I swear you're good to go! Two thumbs up for this foundation!!!!This is the best foundation I've ever used! It goes on smoothly (I use a foundation brush), and dries flawlessly. I have minor rosacea, and it completely smoothes out my skin tone. I've even had people compliment my "flawless" skin when wearing this. I highly recommend it!This is one of my favorite foundations of all time. I have normal skin that can get a little bit dry from time to time and this foundation goes on beautifully and stays flawless all day long. I normally apply a smoothing primer underneath (Smashbox or MUFE) and I blend it out with a beauty blender. I would describe the finish as natural without making the skin too matte or dewy. This foundation is perfect for so many people because of the finish and shade selection! This is a great choice for wedding makeup because it looks great, provides coverage without caking up, and looks perfect in pictures thanks to its lack of SPF. Love it!I absolutely love this foundation, great overall coverage, matches my skin tone PERFECTLY and lasts all day long. I've tried many foundations over the years and for now this will be the one I'm sticking with! I plan on buying the conceder as well!This was sent to me for reviewing purposes form Influenster.I really love the coverage of the foundation. It's medim coverage and feels light weight on the skin. It looks flawless in pictures and videos since it dos not contain SPF.One of my favourite foundations. Every time I wear this I get compliments on how flawless my skins looks. It is full coverage without feeling like you have a lot of product on, plus it comes it a variety of shadesand is perfect for my medium/tan olive tone skin. I wear the shade Y385I have very oily, acne-prone skin and have been searching for a foundation that wasn't too heavy but lasted and had great coverage. This is it! The shade 115 matches my skin tone perfectly, the foundation is light weight but has buildable coverage and lasts all day! My new go to foundation.This foundation is perfect for any time you're going to be around flash photography. Many other foundations that I love have high SPF and give off an awful white cast in photos. I'm already pale so it leaves me looking like the ghost of the group! This foundation doesn't make me have a ghostly complexion like many other foundations do and it stays on all day. It's also great for my oily skin because it doesn't make me shiny throughout the day, and it never oxidizes.This foundation is my new holy grail! I adore everything about it! The coverage is a medium coverage when first applied, but is easily built up to a nice full coverage without coming off as cakey. I use a damp beauty blender to apply and it blends wonderfully. The finish isn't quite matte, which I rather like. I like how I can see a glow through the foundation, even when I build it up! This also photographs beautifully. When I wear this I get so many complements on my skin!I appreciate the fact that Make Up For Ever provides a large range of shades for people with very fair for very deep skin tones. I know it can be difficult for some people to find matches for their skin tones. 
 I will definitely purchase this foundation when I run out! Thanks Influenster and Make Up For Ever!Amazing product for full coverage. - little does go a long way. Pictures will look fabulous! It's very creamy and silky and applies great with a beauty blender sponge. Stays on all night especially with a primer and setting spray!I have always loved this foundation but we had a bit of a rough spot about a year ago...I think maybe the formula changed? I tried it again and I'm back to loving it again. Not sure if the formula changed or my skin changed but I'm a fan again. It's not super high coverage but a nice medium coverage. I use with a primer and it stays all day.Love this foundation! It has a very good consistency and is super blendable. It is full coverage but it is also buildable if you like that flawless finish and it doesn't look cakey. I would recommend this to anybody who has oily skin because it controlled that with no problem. This was sent to me to review but this is my honest opinion. I am definitely going to purchase when I run out!! This is my new holy grail product!I've had my eye on this foundation for a while and was excited to finally try it out. It did. It did not disappoint! It has great coverage, it is super easy to blend, and it is buildable without feeling caked on. I have oily skin and it was great for my skin. I would definitely recommend this for oily skin women.I got this to cover up acne and blemishes. I was going to get concealer but a Sephora make up artist recommended this product. I like this product because it does cover up the acne and blemishes like I wanted. It also looks very natural and it has a lightweight feeling. I also don't have to worry about hugging people and having some of my make up come off. It's a great foundation.Quite honestly, I don't understand the negative reviews for this product. Sure, it is a different formula than the HD one, but this one goes on so beautifully on skin, with or without any primer. This foundation looks flawless on my skin within minutes after I finish the application. I also use this with a couple of drops of argan oil for a dewy finish.
 I am a medium-coverage girl, so I had never built it for a couple of more layers; but a pump of the product does the job for me. This lasts throughout the day and even when I have to add a little more makeup at the end of the day for a day-to-night transition, this foundation somehow takes additional powder products extremely well even after hours of wearing it.
 I highly recommend it for anyone with dry skin who wants a natural look that lasts throughout the day!I got this from influenster to test and have been using it daily I use just a few put psychological if I want light coverage and a few more pumps if I want full coverage. The product last all day, but I have oily skin so I have to add some powder foundation to set it. No biggie :) I do that with all my foundationstuff anywaysI was sent this foundation by Influenster for review. I really loved the finish when used with a beauty blender. I didn't have much luck with a foundation brush. With the beauty blender it was blendable and buildable. The stick version is a bit more full coverage and great for winter. I would say this has a more natural finish and would recommend being set with a powder if you have more oily skin type.I absolutely love this foundation, it's consistency is thin which doesn't feel heavy on my face. That being said the coverage is still really nice. I did receive this to tryI haven't used the MUFE HD Foundation since 2008 and boy, it has improved for the better. This foundation has a very natural sheen and I would say it's a medium coverage that is easily buildable. 
 I find that using a beauty sponge gets the best results, but my elf buffer brush also does a great job. I get oily in my T zone, but this foundation doesn't break up or wear off in my trouble area. I do lightly set this foundation with powder though.
 Overall, it's a good foundation for everyday use. It gives you believably good skin and the color options are unbeatable.I was recently sent this foundation and after trying many different primers, moisturizers, exfoliators ect, I have found that this simply does not do well on my skin. When i say that I simply mean it does not stay on my skin, and it accentuates my pore and any dry skin on my face. The coverage is okay and I do enjoy the fact that the color range is very wide. Maybe it will be better in the summer, who knows.I'm not typically a foundation wearer as I don't really break out and BB cream is usually enough coverage for me. However, my mind has been changed by this foundation. I always thought of foundation as cakey but this goes on so smoothly and blends so well, you don't feel like you're wearing anything. And the matte finish looks great. Will buy again!This foundation is great and I have been loving using it since I first had the chance to try it. It blends out really great and the coverage has been awesome. I put it on at the beginning of the night and it still looks great by the end of the night. The only thing I don't like is that it takes a lot of product to build it up for coverage, but once blended out, it looks great.After receiving this product from Influensfer, I've been using this foundation nonstop and I absolutely love it! I usually apply it with a primer and beauty sponge and then set it with a translucent powder. This foundation glides on my skin like butter but it has excellent coverage that lasts all day without looking greasy. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for a lightweight, smooth textured foundation, especially if you have oily skin like I do!The MakeUp Forever Ultra HD Invisible cover foundation has to be one of the best foundations that I've tried in a long time. Not only is this foundations color just lovely (I got mines in a hazelnut) it goes on like magic . The formula is very lightweight and you barely notice that it is there! Now that's make up and I couldn't be happier.i am obsessed with this foundation! i was sent a sample by Make Up Forever and i'm in love! Thank you MUF for the chance to try it out! i love the buildable coverage and the lightweight formula for my skin! and the color matched PERFECTLY!!! it blends so effortlessly into the skin and leaves a flawless finish! i definitely recommend this foundation!LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT! I have tried countless foundations over the years and this is by far the BEST foundation yet! Will never go back to another brand! Worth the cost!I received both the liquid and stick foundations from Influenster/Make Up For Ever to test. I used both a foundation brush and the Beauty Blender to apply both foundations. I like the way both tools worked. The liquid foundation seemed to look a bit more seamless on me, but I think I went too light- handed with the sticj foundation in fear that it would look too heavy. Both wore nicely throughout the day. I would wear this foundation everyday, not just at night or for special events. I used a small amount because I like my skin to peek through, but you could go for a more full coverage look. Even though I set with a translucent powder in my t-zone, I became oily after a few hours. It wasnt horrible, but gave me a more dewy look. I would powder again if I wanted a more matte look. The shade Y405 was a perfect match for my medium/tan skin!This foundations plays so well with others. I am very oily so I will mix a pump with my Becca matte foundation, just for the right color as I lose my tan, but honestly the finish is insane and lasts so long. I am beyond impressed!I love this product, I hate wearing foundation but this works awesome with my combination skin, doesn't make me break out either! I love itSmooth application, flawless finish. This product lasts me all day long. Feels and looks weightless. I have gotten multiple compliments on my makeup wearing it :) highly recommend!This is one of the best foundations I've tried yet. It's also one of 2 that I've ever repurchased. I love the finish and the staying power. No powder needed on my dry skin. It really is very good.I dislike this foundation so much! While it is light weight and build able, it does not look flawless whatsoever at any layer applied.I have extremely small pores, if any at all and this seeps into them immediately, exposing anything visible even with primer on. What I disfavor the most is the fact that it has a very unappealing texture on the skin, it makes your skin look uneven even for someone with normal, smooth skin. Do not waste your money here!I know this sounds super gimmicky, but I mean it when I say it. First of all, I fell in love with the stick version of this and didn't think twice about trying the liquid version. I use my favorite primer at the moment and ANY PRIMER WEARS FABULOUSLY underneath this! It builds so beautifully and doesn't leave that "foundation like" or cakey appearance on your skin. It just looks like SKIN! I have semi oily skin thats prone to break outs, and this does not break me out whatsoever. The coverage is amazing but on days when I have a few more problem areas, I'll mix this with my smashbox studio skin foundation and they blend so well together. This ultra hd foundation just leaves me with a beautiful glow while the studio skin adds a little more coverage. The shade range is SO AMAZING!! Wether you get several shades lighter in the winter, or darker in the summer, theres a shade to suit you! I hope MUFE never ever discontinues this, I am so in love.I got this product in the Color 140 = Y305 - Soft Beige. It is a bit dark for me now because the winter is making me pale but I'm still using it and loving it! It's so smooth and liquidy and goes on so easily. I use a beauty blender to apply and not too much product is needed at all. I love how it makes my skin look so finished, especially in a photo. It lasts a long time and I think my favorite thing about this is that it doesn't feel heavy at all. It doesn't even feel like I have anything on. Which is amazing because there are bb/cc creams that feel heavier than this.I have combination skin and didn't think this would work for me. After trying it out with different primers under it, I got this to work for me. Got this sent to me by Influenster to try out, but will definitely purchase in the future. Good coverage, worth the splurge.I've been using this foundation for a little over a month and have barely made a dent in the amount used!! I love that a little goes a long way and the coverage is amazing. I apply it after using a primer and with my fingertips - I don't like using a beauty blender with my foundation and there is no streaking! It's great for all day coverage!This is one of my mostly used foundation liquid. The Ultra HD foundation is very smooth and light when I apply on my skin. It gives a flawless total look by simply one layer of application. The full coverage can last up to 12 hours - perfect choice for professional makeup and daily use. I used a few times before photo and video shooting. I would recommend this product for both air brush and regular brush.This is my favorite foundation of all time. It's perfect for all skin types any time of the year. This foundation looks flawless on the skin. It looks super smooth and lasts all day!I've finally found the perfect foundation. The texture is fantastic. The coverage is perfect and the colour.....I've finally found the perfect match!I love this product! Great coverage for day or night just depending on application. I had been looking for a new foundation when I got my sample from Sephora, makeup forever and influenster so perfect timing and I just fell in love. It works perfect with my blender to give me that smooth airbrush like finish I had been looking forI love this foundation. It's not too heavy, but has great coverage. Great for everyday wear, too!I've been on the hunt for a good, natural finish in my foundation ever since I turned 25 and my skin decided to be super dry and super oily at the same time. It used to be all about the super full coverage but now I need something that covers and doesn't look like I piled a whole bottle on my face. This is perfect, and I actually bought a bottle before I was sent a free tester from Influenster, but I'm not about to turn down a good foundation. This gives a lovely medium to full coverage and it looks nice and natural. Not too matte, which the dry part of my skin can't handle anymore. I also don't end up an oil slick at the end of the day. It's been my go to for awhile now, especially when I don't feel like breaking out, because even my sensitive, acne prone skin hasn't broken out worse because of this foundation. Also a plus, it will last my often 10-12 hour work days. I love this stuff!I cannot give this foundation more praises. The coverage is unlike any foundation I've used before and perfectly mattes my oily skin without making my skin look dry.This foundation had wonderful coverage! Not only does it cover up the redness I have , it doesn't feel heavy or cakey. Being pale it's hard to find a foundation that blends well but this one was fantastic. I received MAKE UP FOR EVER Ultra HD Invisible Cover Foundation free for review from influenster but my opinion is my own.I'm going to jump right in and say I'm extremely pale to the point vampire foundation matches my skin tone. This foundation matches my skin almost perfectly. I purchased the shade Alabaster and it's phenomenal. It has great coverage, matte, and not much is needed! I highly recommend.If you have dry skin or combination this is the best for you it's also full coverage worth the splurge!Over the years I have always been one to try whatever product the sales rep pushes my way. I am not expert, so I depend on the experts to help me choose just the right makeup for my skin. I have had bad experiences with this philosophy, and I have found some of my favorite products this way! One of these great finds being, Make Up Forever Foundation. The coverage is excellent!! As a woman in her late 30's, coverage is an issue! I want good wrinkle coverage without looking like I have makeup caked on me!! It's a fine line people! I love Make Up Forever for this very reason! So if you're looking for great coverage that lasts all day, this is a great pick!!I have been testing out this foundation for several weeks. The biggest pro is the color ranges, I love that they have so many shades to choose from so you can find your perfect match. I think this is a light/medium coverage foundation and i would suggest using a damp beauty sponge to apply it. I have dry skin and unfortunately I feel that this foundation clung to my dry spots and using a damp sponge helped this, but not entirely. If you are looking for a great Makeup Forever foundation I would suggest the stick foundation over this one.I received this item and i love how it stood all day n nite i use it for calle orange in orlando the sun was hot walking dancing kissing on cheeks to everyone that foundation was on point no smuge nothing absoulty love it thatnk you for sending this product to me!It definitely lives up to it's reputation because my skin looked flawless! I liked the way it looks and feels on my skin but I wish it was a bit more full coverage. Sometimes I have a bit of redness and it doesn't always fully cover it.Love! Love!Love! This foundation is flawless! I love the lightweight feeling it gives my face. One thing I did notice about this foundation, or maybe it's my skin, when I use Make Up For Ever skin equalizer smoothing primer it gives my foundation a matte look. When I want a silk smooth look it's better to use a hydrating primer. Other than that I would keep purchasing.I had previously owned the old MUFE HD foundation and LOVED it, so I already knew that I would like this one just the same. It's slightly more runnier than the previous formula and I find that it has the same coverage as well. However, I do feel that it has more buildable coverage than the other. It's a good foundation all in all and they have a very wide color range.I had heard this foundation was amazing, so my expectations were very very high. Let's just say it was a disappointment. I have oily-ish skin in my t-zone but dry skin around my eyebrows and hair line (it's super weird) but this foundation did not work for me. It clung to my dry patches and it stayed tacky and never really dried down, it transferred onto my hands and my clothes. I did receive this product for free in order to give my honest opinion.I received a sample of this and overall its ok. I have combo skin (more on the dry side) and this just did not last. I have worn this on a full day of school and through a full day of just being indoors with ac. This just did not hold up for long. The pros however are it does go on nicely. Its easy to apply, blend, and it covers what I need to cover. I find that even when I set with powder it still stays taky. By the end of the day I just look pretty shiny. This is more of a few hour foundation not a full work/school day type.I was a bit skeptical about this foundation at first because it's pretty difficult to find a color that matches my skin to the tee. However, I was so pleasantly surprised upon initial application and full use of the product! The foundation blends beautifully into my skin, is quite buildable, and best of all, is my exact skin tone!! The only con, which is a pretty big one to me, is that it wears off very easily. This is with a primer, setting powder, and setting spray. Granted I do wear glasses, but i haven't had this issue with other foundations I've used. I'll have to figure out a method to not have the foundation slip off my nose, but regardless, I'm obsessed with the foundation!!I enjoy the coverage and wide range of shades in this foundation. I applied it with my real techniques buffing brush and my beauty blender. I prefer the finish with the brush as it provides slightly more coverage. The finish is nice, however, I am slightly oily and the product breaks down and my t zone was shiny after just a few hours. I tried with a mattifying primer as well as setting with a powder, to no avail. I would recommend this product to those with drier or normal skin. I did like the finish, coverage, and shades but I will not purchase this foundation.I love this HD foundation! Its a medium coverage. Matches my skin so well. Definitely my favorite. Thanks makeup forever for letting me review this product for free.I received this product from Influenster as a sample. I normally love makeup Forever products. This foundation was patchy, with and without primer. I also broke out extremely badly. I also don't have sensitive skin. I wouldn't recommend this product.I have been using this as my daily foundation. If you know me, maybe you have noticed that I am more of a “minimal makeup” kind of gal. I try to keep my daily makeup routine as simple as possible. This is why having lightweight products that “really work” with a minimal effort, is very important to me.
 This foundation surely works for me. With just a couple of pumps I can easily cover my entire face and neck. It provides very good coverage, pretty decent for what I need on daily basis. In case you need more, one or two extra pumps will assure you fully coverage.
  This is a “naturally flawless looking skin” foundation, an ideal option for those who like more of a fresh and dewy makeup. Definitely not a “matte finish “one. If you have shiny or oily skin problems, I would probably stay away from this. I like to apply it with my Real Techniques buffing brush or the Beauty Blender; both are great options.I've been using this foundation for a few weeks and absolutely love it! I apply it with a primer and beauty sponge and set it with a translucent powder. This foundation goes on light, but provides excellent buildable coverage that lasts all day. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a lightweight foundation, especially if you have oily skin.i loved how it looks on my skin.. very good coverage for my dry skin. feels like i have no foundation when wearing this!!LOVE this foundation. Honestly the best I've ever used. Keeps long lasting coverage with an all natural look.I Love my new Makeup Forever Foundation. Its very Natural and easy to blend. I have just started using it and absolutely love it.This is a good quality foundation. It goes on smoothly without becoming patchy, and it does not break up on the skin throughout the day (for reference I have oily, acne-prone skin). I find that the best way to apply this foundation is to use a dampened beauty sponge (I use the Real Techniques Miracle Complexion Sponge). The application is medium to full coverage, depending on how much product you use, however if you want to have a full coverage look, you need to use an ample amount of product from the get go because I find that this product does not build up too nicely at all. For $43, I don't think it's worth the price because at that price point I expect flawless and full coverage, but this provides a more in-between level of coverage for a more natural look. It looks lovely and I like it, but I feel as though I should get more for the price point.I never though that I can fall in love with any foundation but this seriously is IT. I was initially reluctant but when I did try it, Both Liquid and Stick, MUFE is beautiful in terms on coverage, feel and long lasting. Totally worth itI received this product in an Influenster Box as a free sample. Formula was good upon application. Color match was not ideal, but had I brought it in store, I probably would have more success as there are many shades.I love that this foundation looked natural! And they have good color selections! However I am oily and this foundation would kind of slide off my face after 2 hours! If I applied powder over it, it would break apart and enhance some dry patches! I think is good but it didn't work out for my skin type! Maybe if I had tried their matte primer with it, i would've had better results! Also looks great in pictures!Nice formula but emphasized skin texture, color was a little on the cooler tone but liked it nonetheless.I love the liquid and stick versions of this brand's foundation. Great lightweight build-able coverage. Beautiful finish.Color options are great, I found a perfect match.Love this stuff!I love that this foundation provides long lasting full coverage without looking or feeling heavy on your skin. I find it works great on all skin types, it's matte but still natural looking and doesn't dry you out. Something I've already repurchased and will continue to!I have super super dry skin but this foundation makes me oily! It stays all day and the coverage is good but I have to carry around oil blotting sheets. I don't think it's worth the price.The makeup forever HD foundation is definitely one of my favorites when I'm going for a more natural looking medium-full coverage. What I love is how it just feels like a second skin as opposed to feeling like you're wearing a mask. The coverage is buildable but never looks cakey. Definitely a must have in my foundation collection!This is by far the best foundation I have ever used. It's great in convering my acne scars and works great with my oily skin. It doesn't looks caky and it STAYS ON! My only issue with it is that it's quite pricey. I tried switching to the sephora 10 hour foundation as a cheaper alternative but will be buying this foundation again when my sephora one runs out. The quality just doesn't compare.I am very picky about foundation. Cant be too light or too heavy. I find this a perfect amount of coverage and weight. I look flawless without looking like I am wearing a mask. I use it with a blending sponge. I have large pores on my nose and feel they cover them well and it blends into my skin naturally.I love this foundation. I use it with my beautyblender and I get a great smooth look. Paired with a skin illuminator underneath, my skin looks almost flawless. Within the first few days of me testing this out I got a bunch of compliments on my make up, asking me what I've done differently. The only con I'd really say is that the formula is so light that its a bit runny when you pump it out of the bottom. Not a real con since it makes it really easy to build up without feeling cakey, but most of my pump foundations have been thicker and so I was not expecting it to just.. run everywhere. In terms of longevity it lasts 5 hours no problem. If you do have oily skin I suggest a matte primer underneath. I found without I was fairly shiny within a couple of hours.This product is awesome and so far I'm loving it!! The only small issue is the stick version is a bit thick. But I love this liquid though!!! I'm hooked!My favorite foundation ever. Feels so lightweight on my skin and is never cakey. I do have oily/combination skin so maybe that's why. But it is so full coverage and gives you that "natural" finish.I really wanted to love this foundation...especially with all the great reviews. The finish of it is great and I love that you can build it up. However, it makes my skin feel very dry and this is the first foundation I've tried where you can REALLY tell I'm wearing foundation. The shade matches me perfectly but in certain areas it just looks so cakey and almost powdery.. Also, no matter what I try it looks disgusting on my chin throughout the day. It looks like it all slid off the middle of my chin and caked around at the bottom. Not a cute look. I've tried different primers, setting spray, setting powder but always the same result. Probably going to have to return it :(This foundation is light yet it has an excellent coverage. I would describe it as a natural almost matte finish. I find that I like it best applied with a blending brush and it also works very well with the Make Up Forever Step 1 primer. It wears very nicely throughout the day and I do not notice any areas that did anything concerning. I would absolutely recommend this product to anyone that is looking for a great everyday or even full glam foundation. I would also recommend this foundation for any skin type. It's not too dewy, and not too matte. It's the perfect combo. Well done Make Up For Ever, I now understand why this is a top seller.I received this for free for testing purposes from influenster and makeup forever. I absolutely love this foundation. I have super oily skin and was super hesitant to try this because I usually use MAC Pro longwear but that foundation started to break up on my skin no matter what I did. This foundation is just the right amount of coverage and I don't look Cakey whatsoever when wearing it. I will definitely just be purchasing this foundation from now on.I received this complimentary for testing purposes. Before I received the MAKE UP FOR EVER foundation I was using Chanel Perfection Lumiere. I have to say I like the MAKE UP FOR EVER foundation better for many reasons. One, it doesn't slide or slip through the day around problem areas like bridge of nose where my glasses sit or around my eye. Coverage in general is better. It's a matte finish which I love! Also I color matched to the best of my ability through looking at swatches online and it was a perfect match! The consistency is nice to work with as a I use a liquid foundation brush. I get asked all the time what foundation I use! It's exceeded my expectations!I've been using this foundation on and off for about 3 years now. I love this foundation and my favorite thing about it is that it's HD. You never have to worry about your face looking lighter or darker than the rest of your body in pictures when you use this foundation (that is a pet peeve of mine.) I like using this foundation more in the summer because it offers medium coverage - but for the winter I like a little more coverage and don't find this foundation to be very "buildable" But, overall, I would recommend this foundation to anyone. It really is great and totally worth the price.I received a free sample from Make Up For Ever of the HD Invisible Cover Foundation and absolutely loved the feeling and texture. The product goes on very smooth and creamy but does not leave any greasy, cakey feeling on your skin. The coverage is also ideal for anything with skin issues-- great color coverage on problem areas with smooth, even coverage in non-problematic places. Easy to build coverage and lasted a full-day -- even with my oily skin.When first got a sample of this foundation a few months ago, I was not a fan. I recently received this from Influenster and thought I'd give it another try, and I'm so glad I did! I have been using this foundation every day lately. I love the coverage and the range of colors!I had previously purchased this foundation at Sephora about a year ago. I liked it but I felt it made me look a tad bit greasy (something that other foundations/ one's I use now do not). I heard that this one was a new formula with amazing coverage. I will agree that the coverage is decent and buildable, but not the best I've ever used, but that may be because I like a very matte finish; and sadly this brand (new formula or not) still makes my skin look way more oily than I can tolerate. I use this foundation as a light coverage for daily use with a powder, but not if I want a full coverage face to go out with. On the other hand, I absolutely LOVE this brands foundation stick, I even bought one for highlighting after receiving a sample of a different shade.I've used several different foundations before: tarte Amazon clay, UD NAked, bare minerals and MUFE HD. This is one of my favorite foundations. Medium coverage but does not feel cakey and it matches my skin color closely. I've bought this foundation twice and have loved it every time. I personally think it looks better after wearing it for a few hours. I have oily/combination during summer and once winter hits I definitely get combination to dry skin.Thank you @makeupforeverus and @influenster for sending the Ultra HD Stick in 117=Y225 and the Ultra HD Fluid in R210. I have very fair (MAC NC15 is too dark) dry/dehydrated skin and both formulas work perfectly. I have nothing bad to say about either formula. With the stick, I set the perimeter of my face with RCMA No Powder Powder. With the Ultra HD Fluid, I do set the whole face VERY lightly. You can wear either sheet or build to a full coverage, whatever you prefer. For more coverage, use a dense brush. For a more sheer coverage, use a damp beauty sponge like the Beauty Blender. I prefer the black Pro version as it produces a more natural effect. Combined with these formulas, it's a match made in heaven. Thank you Make Up For Ever for the Ultra HD to try! I am elated that I've found my new HG foundations, finally, after all of these years. I have not met one MUFE product that I do not like. #UltraHDGenerationThe feel and finish of this product are what I love the most. It glides onto the skin and looks perfectly natural. It wore beautifully throughout the day. I like to spot touch with my foundation as if it were a concealer and I found this wasn't the best for that. Otherwise, 10/10 will use again.I find that the foundation provides rather light to medium coverage. However, this indeed feels lightweight and comfortable on the skin, doesn't get cakey, and provides a satin, skin-like finish. Additionally, it really does photograph beautifully, blurring minor imperfections.I was exited to try this foundation when I got it, it feels light on the skin and has amazing coverage. However I noticed I have to use at least 4 pumps for a decent coverage which is quite a lot comparing to my other foundations. Also it has a tendency to transfer on clothes and rub away very quickly even after a setting spray. It settles on smile lines and lines on my forehead. it's good for an hour or so but not for long time wear.I liked that it had full coverage while still feeling light on my face. The foundation is liquidy and applies nicely with a sponge but terrible with a foundation brush I have. The scent is mild. It wears fairly long for me.This is my ride or die foundation, along with the stick foundation. The coverage is amazing- not too much, but not too little either. It looks just like skin. I get so many compliments on this. A little goes a long way also- I only use one pump to cover my whole face, which is amazing! I use a buffer makeup brush to apply it. I highly recommend this foundation!Like the title says, this is my ride or die. I LOVE IT SO MUCH. It gives no flashback whatsoever. Perfect foundation for events, it's medium-to buildable full coverage, and its lightweight. I highly recommend it!!i've never been so disappointed with a foundation and i can't believe how much i paid for something so horrible . it's super light coverage and it's hard to build. i don't recommend this at all .I absolutely love this foundation being so dark skin it was so hard to find foundation to match my complexion and Sephora was the place that had everything for any complexion!!Love this makeup - goes on light & airy, great coverage, can be layered for even more coverage.I find this foundation just about perfect. It is lightweight, I really cannot see it on my face while applied, feels so natural on me and makes my skin look just fantastic. It is also not oily and not comedogenic. Highly recommend it!I have used this foundation for years but I feel like it gets better and better! I have dryer skin and this sits so beautifully on my skin and doesn't settle into any of my fine lines or wrinkles. This is my "go to" foundation for sure!Out of the many foundations I've tried over the years, none were as buildable, breathable, lightweight, and full coverage as this one. It's so moisturizing and doesn't cling to dry spots at all, perfect for my dry skin. IT looks like it would have a dewy finish, but when I blend it out with my beauty blender it's more like a natural satin. I'm not sure how it applies with the brush. The shade y225 is perfect for my skin tone, if only it was just the teensiest bit lighter. My recommendation for pale girls is if you have a cool undertone, r220-y210 is perfect. If you have a neutral to yellow undertone, get y225. In my experience y210 is more pink-toned than it is neutral-toned, while y225 will work great on both neutral and yellow.I tried this foundation many many years ago when I first began wearing makeup and I totally HATED it. It just didn't mix well with my skin type. (I'm oily) Several years later, I AM IN LOVE! It's so beautiful and it mimics skin so perfectly. I take really good care of my skin and now I have managed to balance my oil production so it doesn't disturb the makeup at all. This is such a perfect foundation for all skin types and it never looks cakey. Please take a sample home at least and test it out for yourselfMake up for ever HD foundation totally surprised me with how light weight it feels on the skin. Even with 2 layers my skin still feels like I'm wearing a light tinted moisturize. The foundation doesn't oxidize, no funky scent, and there's so many shades to pick from. This foundation looks amazing in photography/video. An amazing foundation and so affordable! Definitely recommending it to anyone who loves a light weight/flawless foundation.I used this foundation for a long time and wore it through a variety of weather - dry heat, humidity, windy weather, and dry air while traveling. I agree that it blends in flawlessly and provides great coverage. I have a lot of freckles, and one application provided me enough coverage that I didn't need to build more. As a mom-on-the-go, I need an easy makeup process in the morning, and a quality foundation is essential to this process. This sat on my skin well and didn't require any touchups. My blush and bronzer worked incredibly well with it, and I achieved a natural, yet glam daytime or night time look every time!!So after a lot of thinking, debating and talking it over with my friends, I bought the Makeup Forever ultra HD foundation in the shade Y385. It's honestly the best decision I made because it's incredible!! It covers everything, it's the perfect shade and one of the most important things for me this foundation mainly does is doesn't irradiate my sensitive skin at all!! AmazingBest foundation I've used to date! Perfect coverage and does not dry out skin or make skin oily! I apply it with a beauty blender and it goes on seamlessly!I have ised the liquid one in the past and i loved that. When i got chance to try thru influenster i was all over it.. for me being more on drier side, i find the liquid one works better. Stick foundation is more for the people with smoother skin in my opinion. My staple is liquid.I love the coverage and it is pretty buildable, but a little goes a long way with just a pump and a brush. I also love how longwearing this foundation is with a good setting powder. With such a variety of shades, the one I got matches my skintone perfectly. Unfortunately, this foundation does cause me to breakout if I wear it several days in a row and so I often have to give my skin a break. Otherwise, I really love the formula and would recommend it.I've been using this Foundation for years and I really love how light it feels on your skin. You hardly notice it's there! Light yo medium buildable coverage and very easily blendable. Better for dry skin than oily skin since it is so light it can melt off by the end of the day. Comes in a ton of different shades so it's easy to find the one that fits you best! 
 Got this for free for testing purposes from Influenster in exchange for an honest review!The coverage is sheer so it gives it a more natural look. I apply mine using. A beauty blender sponge, dry for more coverage. I spot conceal with it as well. Add a little powder on top to matte it and help it last longer and I am good to go!This product is my go to product. I have tried so many different foundations and this is by far my favorite. I have combination skin, I have oily dayz, and I have dry days and whatever day my skin is throwing at me this product does wonders. Buildable coverage, flawless glow, and many colors to pick the perfect shade. This product does not move out of place and lasts all day. it doesn't clump into fine lines either!This is a pretty good foundation if you like lighter coverage. Because of my skin, I need a more full coverage foundation; however, this foundation can be built up. Using several layers can build up the coverage. Once I build up a couple layers, it looks nice on my skin. It is somewhat watery, so for people who do not like a thick foundation, I would recommend it.I wanted to love this foundation so much. I read some amazing reviews and some iffy ones, but decided to give it a try because of all the hype. I bought this foundation in the middle of the summer, at the peak of my tan, when my imperfections are less noticeable. I liked it a lot for my tan skin, I didn't need much coverage and it looks pretty natural, but it definitely was not long wearing. I would go to the bathroom around 3 hours into working and it would be wearing off, but at least it did so evenly, it didn't cling to patches or pool in creases. I have shiny T Zone skin and semi-dry cheeks, so my skin doesn't put up much of a challenge, but I do have old acne scars and the occasional hormonal breakout, which this did pretty well with covering. For full coverage I still had to mix it with MUFE Mat Velvet, which could get pricey to continue.So when I went to buy my second bottle, I definitely had lost almost all of my tan, and had to go about 3 shades lighter, but it matched perfectly in store so I was happy. I realized when I got home after my first day of wear I looked like an OOMPA LUMPA!! It had oxidized so much on my skin I was generally embarrassed by the difference in color from my face to my hands and the rest of my body. I never noticed this during the summer when I was already tan. Overall, I may use this again in the summer, when I need less coverage for a few hours, but if you're looking for anything more than a couple hours of barely medium coverage, you may want to try something different.I have tried many many foundations over the years, this one actually is my favorite by far! I'm so glad to be a part of #ultrahdgeneration It applies flawlessly! It has coverage that lasts all day and it is easily blended and you can build coverage, especially along side the stick foundation! There is a wide range of shades to choose from, you can't go wrong with Make Up Forever!This foundation is pretty good, thinner than I thought it would be. The color match was great with my skin being a coffee tone I was worried about that some.This foundation is amazing But if you're super oily like me you must take precaution when using this foundation. I've been using it for years and I've found that the best way to combat oil is too...1. Use an oil control primer.2. Set the foundation with tons of mattifying powder.3. Use a setting sprayAnd your makeup won't budge all day! 
 Disclaimer: I received this product as a free sample to provide my honest opinion.MAKEUP CAN'T DO NOT WRONG IN MY EYES.. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PRODUCT . IT VERY LIGHT WEIGHT BUT FULL COVERAGE. I LOVE IT SO MUCH .WORTH BUYING..I received this foundation from Influenster for testing and review purposes. I love the light-weight formula on this foundation. You can keep building layers and coverage with out it looking or feeling heavy. The finish is incredibly natural and doesn't emphasize my dry areas. The formula almost "sets" itself on the skin and doesn't feel sticky or heavy. The coverage is medium to full and they com in so many shades! There is definitely a shade for everyone. The pump is nice and you can control the amount of product being dispensed very easily. I think this formula works for any one from dry to oily skin because it is so light-weight and oil-free. The foundation also photographs beautifully without any flashback.I couldn't find a good match for my skintone even when they have so many choices to choose from. I have oily/normal skin, gets oily looking mid day, not long lasting, doesn't stick to my face that well. Not great coverage. Very disappointed.I had this foundation for months (wearing everyday) and the bottle lasted for what seemed like FOREVER! Great build-able coverage and feels amazing on your skin. I wear makeup from 8am-bed time and this does the job! Def. need to use a primer first is my only suggestion!I was honestly so surprised by the lightweight feeling of this foundation. I expected it to be thicker, however, it is more runny but still has the same great coverage as a thick foundation. It lasts all day and matched my skin tone perfectly. Only con I would say is that it made my t-zone area a bit oily towards the end of the day.It is really hard for me to find good foundations because I have oily skin. However, I really like this foundation. I like how it looks in pictures. I find this to be the most buildavle foundation I have used as well.OMG. I absolutely love how smooth and milky my skin looks with the Make Up Forever Ultra HD Foundation. Looks so gorg on my pictures and videos. I also choose this foundation for performance clients. It lasts all day and has the ability to hide skin imperfections when you build up in those areas. It's worth the price because a little product goes a long way. The product doesn't feel heavy at all on my face. This is an excellent product.It leaves your skin looking flawless. Great coverage for blemishes, acne marks etc. I highly recommended a moisturizer and then a primer prior to applying. You won't be disappointed!So I noticed that the packaging is different and once I opened it I also noticed that the consistency is different.It's still a lot better than other foundations I have used, but I did like the original more. I found online that Nars has a very similar foundation than the original one so I tried it and it's also pretty good and almost the same color as the one from Make up for ever. If this is the first time you're trying it, I still recommend it, I really like the coverage without feeling cakey.I've been using this foundation for a couple of months now. & I have nothing but great things to say about it. I use 1 pump for my entire face. & 1/2 pump for additional coverage on my hyperpigmentation. I have combo skin & it lasts all day. It's also light weight.I usually have 2 problems with foundation 1) they never match my skin color and 2)they make my dry skin oily. However, I love this stuff. It compliments my skin and I can layer it depending on the desired amount of coverage. It also doesn't make me feel all oily and greasy by the end of the day. Although I received this bottle in exchange for my review, I have used this product many times in the past, so you can trust me! Give it a try!This foundation itself is great - no too thick, not oily, super smooth. However, the number of colors to choose from was a bit overwhelming for me. The fact that there were so many colors made it very difficult to pick the best color for my skin tone.This is the best foundation I've ever used. Beautiful, smooth coverage and lasts all day!This foundation is AMAZING. It does everything it says it will and lasts on my Combination skin perfectly. I would say this foundation is medium coverage with a natural finish. I received these products complimentary for testing purposes from Influenster. All opinions expressed are my own and are based on my experience with the products. Thank you Make Up For Ever for the Ultra HD to try! #UltraHDGenerationBy far the best foundation I have ever used. I've tried foundations from a million different high end makeup brands and I haven't found anything that compares to the airbrush glow this foundation gives me. It's so hydrating and works so well for my dry skin. I've noticed some people are saying that it separates or isn't a long wear foundation but it's so necessary to prime your face with primer before applying ANYTHING. There is no sense in using any kind of foundation, concealer, bronzer, hi lighter, ect if you don't take the time to prime your face. Using a setting spray after your look is finished helps too. But I would recommend this product 100%I really liked this profuct. I have the Pink Alabaster HD foundation and it matches my skin perfectly and goes on so so light and it stays almost all day! The only think I would change is that it doesn't have a ton of coverage. Still a great throw on foundation if you're trying not to look like you just woke up but don't feel like doing your entire beauty routine.I didn't realize that I had tanned so much this summer, so when Influenster sent me the color I requested it was so pale. It actually matches my neck, though. I didn't think it would look right, but I was able to sheer it out and it looks very natural. I'm very impressed, as I usually only use Dr Jart BB cream and this is good enough to alternate with my regular stuff. I mean, I am super picky about foundation. 
 My bottle exploded a little bit during shipping, but I was able to fix it with duct tape. From what I have heard, this was a fluke.For the most part, I like this product. It would be great to use out at night or for a few hours. I'm not sure the longevity is to be desired, however. Much like the makeup forever primer, this foundation seems to "slide off" my face at the touch and I feel like I have a red nose at the end of the day. But, when it goes on, it looks great for the first few hours.I am in love, love, love! I was a little reluctant to buy it because of price (I mostly use drugstore brands) but I may never go back! LIghtweight, as little or as much coverage as I like, and once it's on, it stays put through the day. 5 stars and more!I was so happy to find this foundation in Y205, as nearly every brand's shades are too dark for my skin. It applies very easily with fingers or a Beauty Blender/sponge, and gently covers acne. I recently had a bad hormone surge that gave me horrible acne, and I was glad that this foundation did not upset my sensitive skin further. I have gotten compliments because of using this foundation, and I am sure I will repurchase when I run out.I have combination skin and yellow undertones, so I love that this line has indicators for undertones. As you can see there are plenty of colors to choose from, 26 in fact so there's a shade for just about everyone. The finish is definitely dewy, no where near matte. If you're dry I definitely recommend, if you're very oily I would steer clear unless you're fine adding a pound of powder to your face daily. The finish wears just like skin on and off camera and it literally feels like skin too (BUT don't touch it, TRANSFER!). The coverage ranges from sheer to a pretty deep medium with multiple applications. I would not recommend layering to a person with combination skin as it ma come across oily. Instead I have found that If you pair this with one shade darker in the foundation stick, you can warm your face and save time color correcting while still getting the coverage without the cake/oily look. This foundation was not created in my opinion for long lasting wear, in order to stretch it, you will need to blott and powder otherwise redo your makeup every 4hrs.All in all, I love this foundation, I think it is light and effortless enough to be a day to day foundation.I received this item free for testing purposes in my Influenster VoxBox and I am so happy that I did because I have found my new favorite foundation! It has the perfect amount of coverage and it doesn't leave that caked on look like other foundations do. I also love the size of it...since this foundation is on the pricier side, I know that I'll be getting my money's worth in the future when I decide to buy it! Overall, I recommend!So beautiful on & so long lasting even without any setting products! You'll never found a better foundation this is just the bestThis foundation is by far, the best i have ever tried! It's so easy to put on and is buildable. It feels light and covers a lot of redness. I have issues with acne and this helps take care of concealing them without the need for concealer.I love the build-able coverage and clean feeling it gives my skin. And I have FINALLY found the perfect match for my complicated complexion and uneven skin tone!Favorite, natural, medium-coverage foundation. Skin like finish. Build-able coverage.I absolutely love this foundation, i recieived this foundation for purpose review for influenster, it gives you a flawless look on a daily basis , medium to full coverage, diferent shades of colors ! I love it ! #ultrahdgenerationI use this product daily. I'm a television news reporter and am constantly needing to touch up my makeup. This is the perfect foundation for that. I dot it under and around my eyes, then brush some bronzer on top. I've received so many compliments since I started using it and I can really see a difference on-camera. Highly recommend!So I wore this when I got married in Vegas (90degrees). I messed around with the best way to make it stay as I have fairly oily skin. I applied 11am and ithe staying on until 2am with only one evening powder. I applied my mac pro longwear concealer in a couple shade lighter UNDER the foundation and it gave a natural highlight look. I the baked with Laura mercier translucent powder.Amazing feel and has great coverage! I love it!My nose was super oily after 3/4 hours. I tried to like this foundation. I really did, but my nose was so oily, I probably could of cooked an egg on itListen ladies it's a great foundation ! Goes on like butter and blends nicely into my skin I love it gives you a flawless complexion all the time.This is a classic go-to foundation -- it's lightweight but buildable, with a beautiful consistency. Not too oily or dry, goes well with other kinds of skin products!I love this foundation, coverage is perfect, I look flawlessIt's a beautiful finish with one layer on its own and the only foundation with my exact shade but if you're like me and like to add additional products (concealer/highlight, second layer of foundation) I find the first layer of product underneath is removed. My friend doesn't seem,to have this problem at all. Don't know why it happens to me. But I do not like it. Going to give their stick foundation a try.first let me just say I got this product from influenster to try , although it wasn't my perfect match I'm able to use it after I tan . I like this product but it's not amazing to me . Very light coverage but it's decent . Great for evening out your skin tone . It feels light in the skin which i love because i don't like to feel like i have a lot of stuff on . If my skin is clear it's perfect but if i have a little break out it's hard to conceal and use this foundation at the same time without it looking strange . i don't think it looks good if you have spots to cover up . As long as the spots aren't very dark you're in the clear . I have combination skin , i find that this does cling to dry patches some (i do use a moisturizer and primer) . It's not highly noticeable or cakey but you can see it when looking up close. I get oily in my t zone but i'm used to it so it doesn't bother me. The finish is nice (kind of satin) but I have mixed feelings on this product . i don't hate it but i don't love it , i will try to keep using and see if there's any way i can come around to it .I have been using this product non stop since I received it. AT first I wasn't used to the consistency as it was more liquidy than what I was used to. Now I think that it worked out well because it gives my skin such a dewy natural finish! I got may compliments on it and I definitely would recommend! It covers really well as well!One star for both the product and the sales associate. I asked her to shade match this product for me. I came in bare faced. I learned in the past that I should trust the second pair of eyes so I trusted her. I told her I didn't want something too light nor too orange and I had asked her if she thinks it's buildable and she said very. I tried it on the next day for work and I looked SO orange and it was NOT buildable. I put on another coat or so and set it but it was just so easy to smear everywhere! So not impressed..Blends great & build-able if you like more or less coverageI love the coverage of this foundation. I use this with their Carmel primer and it works very well to cover me without looking thick or cakey. My skin tends to be really sensitive and neither of these products breaks me out. I would definitely buy this again. The price and the fact it doesn't control oil all that great are the reasons for 4 stars.This foundation is great for combination skin! It does not stick to dry patches and it does not make you more oily ! Every light weight & can be buildable to full coverage! Highly recommend!I have tried dozens of foundations and never quite matched my color perfectly. .. until this! I went in and got my color IQ at Sephora and was skeptical. Apparently I've always done my color too light. Anyway, aside from matching my skin tone perfectly, it goes on seamlessly as well. The only downfall is my combo skin is completely oily mid day. This is not always the case with other foundations I've tried. It's worth it to me though to just blot or powder midday due to how amazing this is otherwise.After applying 2 layers with a flat top kabuki brush I was able to get light medium coverage. For someone that doesn't have a lot of redness, they would probably have medium coverage. When combining this foundation with my mattifying products, I began getting oily after 4 hours then had to blot every other hour. This foundation is not compatible with oily skin and I would prefer more coverage. I do love the color though. I will not be repurchasing this foundation.This was ok to me. It's like medium coverage. I have acne scars and this doesn't cover it even with multiple layers. It is very light feeling foundation. I don't like the finish it has on my skin, my skin is combo oily so I usually end up with a dewy finish even after setting it with a spray and I prefer a matte finish.I got this foundation in color 115 = R230 - Ivory. It was a perfect match and quickly controlled my redness and hyper-pigmentation. It was effortless to blend out and the finish is a luxurious soft matte. This foundation also plays well with other products. However, I have large pores on my nose and have an oily T-zone. I found that after 4 hours (with primer), the foundation settles into my pores and pieces apart. Such a bummer, but I'm still playing around with mattefying setting powders to fix this problem because this foundation is beautiful otherwise! Worth a buy!Absolutely love my foundation!Okay literally I pair this with the POREfessional primer and my pores completely disappear. 8?I am very happy with this foundation. The finish is a beautiful "natural" finish. Not too matte or dewy. It is just right. I feel like it is a medium coverage, but it's buildable without it every looking cakey. I'm really impressed. I even loved the way it made my skin look in one of those close-up magnifying mirrors, and that's saying a lot!! This is a good every-day foundation to use. I recommend. I have combination skin.. dry on my cheeks and an oily T-zone and I feel like it evens everything out.Honestly if u want a light foundation and not a cakey face then get it but I want it more coverage I'm slightly disappointed and you know I thought I could trust one of the workers from here but this is second time and I'm disappointedI love this foundation because while it does provide full coverage it some how still looks very natural. And it lasts all day well into the late night hours. Love it!This is the only liquid foundation then I'll buy because it works so well you can he have sheer coverage or heavy coverage which ever you prefer it just depends on how much you applyI have very acne prone, sensitive skin with hyperpigmentation and scarring. This foundation has not broken me out since using it. The first time I tried using it, it looked horrible and streaky, however I realized that I didn't shake the bottle well before using it. My fault! You really have to shake it well for the application to be smooth. I find the best application is with a beauty sponge. I use a regular damp flat round sponge and it works well. I do have to set with a powder on top just because I have oily skin. I achieve a semi matte, medium coverage, which I like. Not cakey, only creases a bit on the sides of my nose but so does every other foundation I've used. I will be using the whole bottle until it runs out. Will I repurchase this foundation? If I can't find a better one, yes. Still haven't found my holy grail but this is pretty good!This is the best make-up foundation you wlll ever find. Many skintones to choose from. It goes on smooth and fairly full coverage. Your photos will turn out fabulous. Even my Derm said my "skin look wonderful" the last time I saw her. Try it.This is the only foundation I use. The coverage is awesome and it doesn't cake onto your face. I use a foundation brush with mine and set it with the urban decay set spray.I used this foundation a few years ago, and I just tried it again recently. This foundation is just okay in my opinion. It's a little hard to review foundation because everyone has different skin and different needs. It's not full coverage, definitely light-weight. I don't feel like I can keep adding foundation to create a full coverage look without it getting cakey. I do find it gives a dewy finish on my skin which I like. I have combination skin, I get oily in my t-zones sometimes, depending on the weather. I applied this foundation using my good quality damp pink sponge. (I don't think I can name other products in a review.) Overall, I think this would work better on another skin type.Worst foundation ever. Super cakey and it sets in fine line. Tried with many primers nothing worked. Don't waste your money on this not worth itThis foundation looks flawless on the skin. It does a good job with not exaggerating pores or fine lines while also providing a medium, build-able coverage. When I received this foundation, it was quickly bumped to the top of the list of favs for me. It does not pick up on dry patches (I have dry skin), but since the finish is more natural (opposed to dewy) I find I can sometimes detect it on my skin. I think part of that is my own skin concerns, though because it has been extra dry lately! The plus side to this, I don't feel I have to set it with powder. If you're thinking of purchasing, grab a sample from Sephora and see what you think!! Worth a try!I've used This foundation for about a year now and I still love it! There range of colors are awesome. My foundation matches me perfectly and the foundation is very buildable without looking cakey. Highly reccomendI'm really not sure how all these makeup artists on YouTube make this makeup look good. First off it's super fake looking on. It doesn't look any what good after 2 hours. It also made me break out and I almost never break out. I don't understand all the hype. So unhappy with this.Perfect amount of coverage for my skin, love that the color matches my skin perfectly. A lot of companies put too much yellow in their foundation for me, and Pink Porcelain is perfect for me.This has been my go-to foundation for over 5 years now! I haven't desired nor needed any other foundations (apart from some drugstore ones I mix the MUFE with when I get darker during the summer). It has the perfect "natural skin" finish - not dewy, not matte, just "skin". It is very buildable, so I've done anything from very light coverage for every day to heavier full coverage for photoshoots or performances. 
 I do wish their coding system was more consistent, but I am thankful that they have expanded their color range since now I have an even better color match. I do find that like any other foundation, this does need to be set well with powder and spray (I use RCMA and NYX setting spray), otherwise my oiliness will cause the foundation to coalesce around my oilier features like around my nose. I don't find this a fault of the foundation though, just normal protocol for anyone with oily skin! Favorite favorite favorite foundation.Perfect for my skin. I have tried almost all foundations and this one is perfect. I have combination skin and all the others I've tried haven't set as well as this has. I've also received many compliments on my skin.I love this foundation, it's a great alternative to the HD stick foundation when I want something that isn't so full coverage. It doesn't cause breakouts or get flaky on my dry/dehydrated, acne-prone skin. The pinky tones in my skin are really noticeable in the summer, and the red based line of this foundation is one of the only ones that doesn't look too yellow on me.I liked it but not so much coverage as I wanted it to have and I did get oily after awhile of wearing itnatural finish with good coverage. i would definitely recommend it for normal to dry skin.This foundation is my holy grail foundation. I love the coverage, how it blends into your skin, and most of all the range of colors. It is definitely a staple in my collection, no matter what, I will always repurchase this foundation. Only downfall is that I do go through it pretty quickly, probably every month or so I have to repurchase it, but it is because I use it almost everyday. Definitely get a sephora employee to help you color match, because when it blends into your skin it looks so natural.This is an amazing foundation. The look I get from it is a natural, skin-like finish. It does not look heavy or cakey, in any way. Somehow, it appears to melt into the skin and just blend away to perfection. It is pretty amazing! I have always been a very full coverage type of girl, so the lightweight medium coverage of the Ultra HD was a bit different for me. It can be built up easily to a full-coverage, but the medium coverage can be great for more casual days too!This is great makeup but it still creates a lot of shine and oil to my face after a few hours... I have to keep on applying powderThis foundation comes in so many shades and I was able to find a really good match for my skin tone. It is not oily at all, yet moisturizes and evens skin tone for great coverage. So glad I tried this foundation!I have used this foundation for five years and every time I try to branch out I am always disappointed. The HD Foundation is blendable, provides great coverage, and never looks cakey. I love it!I'm in love with this foundation! My skin is pretty normal, not oily or dry, (my nose is the only oily section) song usually opt for drug store brand foundations because they work fine. However, I love this foundation because it honestly gives me a photo finished look, and I don't have to set it with powder after applying. It stays on pretty well all day and even manages to control the oil on my nose. It is definitely worth the extra money. With that being said, I also love that it has a great range of shades so the color I have is really close to that of my skin tone.I really wanted to love this foundation but after trying it multiple ways, I just can't get it to work for me. I love how great the shade range is and have an exact color match but it makes me look really greasy after only a few hours. The formula also transfers a LOT even with primer, settles into lines and moves around on your face throughout the day.Wow. Make Up For Ever Seriously is amazing; it is long-lasting, you can blend it in to your skin easily, and the skin tone ranges are great. At first, I thought the liquidity of the foundation would not blend into my skin or that it would leave my skin oily. WRONG. It actually leaves my skin looking beautiful and looking forward to my daily make-up routine. It's amazing. If you get the chance to try it, you won't regret it!I really want to like this foundation, but I just can't understand the hype for it. I think it is very thin and doesn't build well. I do like the wide range of colors, the color I got is perfect for my skin and that is hard to do with my light olive skin and neutral undertones.I love this foundation it leaves my skin so natural looking without a heavy cakey appearance. It also gives enough coverage that will mask my uneven skin tone, but still look like my natural skin. I do not need a powder to set this foundation, it also gives it a buildable coverage if you continue to layer . This foundation is in my top 4 FAVORITES!I really like this foundation It is super lightweight. It is the best feeling foundation ever. I just personally like a fuller coverage while this build able coverage.As someone that has tried the HD formula perviously the Ultra HD is an improvement in mostly the feel of this foundation.I received this product free for testing. I really like the way this foundation looks on my skin, I have dry skin and it doesn't cling on to my dry patches like other foundations sometimes do.It has been very hard for me to find a foundation that I like, but this one is great! It made my skin look very smooth and I love the buildable coverage. Unlike others that I have tried, I cannot feel it on my skin. I would defiantly recommend this product to my friends.I've had this product available for use on clients and would grab for it here and there but the other day I finally got a bottle for my personal use and loved it. Most liquid foundation seem to exacerbate my dry skin, and enhance the texture but the consistency of this really melted into the skin leaving a seamless finish. I highly recommend and will be using much more often.I love a good coverage foundation but i hate how dense and thick it feels on my skin. This foundation got me so Impressed! Very lighweight but amazing coverage. Blends like butter and the shade range is amazing. It photographs beautifully, perfect for bridal makeup.I received a sample in my Ipsy bag, and I ordered a full sized bottle right away.This stuff has a flawless finish that makes my face look, and feel young again.Being older, I was skeptical, but no more. ORDER YOURS NOW!!!You won't be disappointed..This is a lightweight foundation. The coverage is buildable. I find myself reaching for this a lot! I will purchase again. I was given this complimentary for testing purposes.I received this as a free trial with my order. I have tried it twice in the past few days & im so in love. Covers absolutely everything and it looks so smooth on my skin. Only negative is it can look a little shiny if left on all day.Whereas, most other full-coverage foundations can be thick, weighty, and look anything but natural (especially when worn during the day), MUFE Ultra HD is the only full-coverage foundation I've tried that appears natural, produces a satin-like smooth finish, minimizes pore size, has exceptional buildability, and feels absolutely weightless, as though you're not wearing any foundation at all. I can say with utmost certainty that this stuff will take your face game to a whole new level! :-)I love taking pictures of my makeup for my social medias and every time I use this foundation and use flash photography it comes out perfect. It is perfect for those club pictures!This is one of my favorite Fall Foundations. I have dry to normal skin and this lasts all day without needing a touch up this is big for me as I don't have time to reapply makeup throughout the day. Plus the coverage is buildable and it blends easily on the skin. You can also use a variety of brushes for application. Love MUFE.I will never use anything other than this ever. This lets my skin breathe along with providing buildable coverage. Looks flawless and makes my skin glow. I have acne prone sensitive skin and this doesn't bother my skin at all. This is true love.Absolutely love this foundation. It's light but covers well, and it looks like skin. The o my reason I don't give it five stars is because it has a tendency to run off easily, no matter how well I set it. But it still lasts for a decent while before doing so.I received this complimentary of Make Up For Ever and Influenster and was a little hesitant that the creaminess would end up looking too caked on or heavy. Honestly, I absolutely love this stuff! It's super easy to adjust the amount of product you use and it can easily be layered for heavier coverage - but trust me - one layer is all you'll need! This stuff covers flawlessly and for someone like me with uneven skin tones and acne marks - that is a win!This stuff is GREAT, it's sheer enough that you can buff it in and look like you're not wearing anything, or build it up to cover pesky blemishes/freckles/moles/literally anything. The best part about the coverage is the combination of how build able it is, yet it looks flawless no matter how much you have on. And it feels so light, I find myself building it up more than I need to without paying attention since it doesn't feel or look cakey. Be sure to shake before use since it kind of separates when it sits for a while, and I've found the best application comes with a damp beauty blender. Absolutely set with loose powder because it can transfer and slip and slide a little if you don't set it at all. The shade range is great and the packaging is chic and durable. Love this product, love MUFE.The coverage is incredible and the feel is lightweight! So important for combo skin with an oily t-zone. Pairing it with your skin's favorite MUFE primer will elongate the wear and create a flawless finish! More please! Thank you to Make Up Forever for allowing me to try a complimentary sample of this product. I'll definitely be going back for more!Never owned a product from MF but love the coverage and the creaminess of the product. Doesn't have an awful smell. A little pricey but I think it's worth the hype.I was so excited to try this out when I first received it because of all the great reviews. However, I wasn't as blown away as others. I do like that you can build up the coverage, but I HAD to set mine. If I didn't set my face it seemed to be a little tacky and want to rub off very easily. I love the range of colors that they offer and I think that this makeup does look great. I just wish I didn't have to set my entire face so it wouldn't wipe off.I have never used makeup forever products but i really liked this foundation. It applied flawlessly and looked great in my skin. It doesnt hold up as long as i would have liked in my oily t zone though, even with a primer. I received this fou dation as a free sample from influensterI love this stuff so much, I honestly prefer the stick for a more dewy. cOverage but this is just as good too! Goes on so easy and stays all day and night!I haven't used a MUFE foundation since about 2012 until now. I LOVE this stuff! I've been wearing it for about 2-3 weeks now. I'm the first to admit I overdose on foundation every morning (bye, freckles) and with the ultra HD, I literally only need one pump - 2 if I want more coverage. I haven't been able to build it up to a true full coverage, but it does build without looking cakey on the skin. I have dry skin and it worked well with it. The color is the PERFECT match for my skin, which is a rare find for me (especially since I picked the color online, not in person). Finally, this stuff lasts ALL day long. I work in a busy salon and usually I have to touch up my foundation at least once or twice a day, usually in my chin/jaw area. I don't find myself touching up as often. It's lasted me a ten hour shift. Unreal! I love it and would definitely purchase again.This foundation is great. A little goes a long way with this which I like. It covers every little dark spot and blotch on my face. It goes on smoothly and looks flawless. I wish it had more of a matte finish but that's nothing I can't fix with a setting spray. I think the packaging is great too.I find the consistency to be much thinner than the original HD Foundation. It is definitely seamless and resembles your own skin but betterI absolutely love this foundation I'm so happy! It blends perfectly with my skin.Thank you Make Up For Ever for the Ultra HD to try!I heard great things about this foundation so I wanted to try it out myself and now I absolutely love it! I got my colour matched and this foundation matches my skin tone PERFECTLY! It's super lightweight, build-able, and looks flawless on the skin! It doesn't end up looking cakey or dry like other foundations I've tried in the past. Also it's great with my oily skin, other foundations tend to make my skin super oily throughout the day, but definitely not this one!Would definitely re-purchase and recommend!Versatile, buildable, bendable, long wearing, The shade range is amazing! I've originally started using the stick formula of the Ultra HD foundation due to my oily skin, but once I tried the liquid formula I was not disappointed. This foundation is great to use on its own, doesn't feel heavy on the skin, and you can definately build in order to add more coverage. It also blends well with other foundations if you want to create a custom shade or finish specifically for your skin. You don't necessarily need to use too many pumps, so with about 3 you have enough for a medium face coverage. This makes the product long lasting. I definately recommend this foundation for anyone trying to discover something new and flexible with their current makeup routine.Pros: - Color Range- Lightweight Texture- Blendability- Natural finish on the skin
 Cons:- Wears off on my oily skin even when I wear a primer, set with powder and a setting spray.This is one of my favorite foundations of all time ! It has a medium to full coverage and a natural finish. I have dry skin and it works well with a primer for me ! It is buildable for higher coverage if you need it as well. Quality foundation I will definitely re-buy!I received this product for free via Influenster, so I really wanted to like it as I had heard great things about it, but unfortunately it wasn't for me! It sort of sat on my skin with a slick feeling to it. I tried applying with my fingertips, a sponge, a brush.. but nothing could blend it in to make it natural-looking for me.3 stars for the benefit of the doubt - perhaps it would work on someone of a different skin tone or texture. Additionally, it did feel very glow-y, which is a plus for many people. For me, it just made skin feel greasy. Definitely worth a try, but unfortunately this won't be my #1.I've used this product quite a few times and I'm impressed with the product. I gave it the biggest test about 2 weeks ago when i spent about 8 hours outside in high 80 degree weather. 
 This foundation stayed so well, covered will, and looked good even after a long day of tailgating and at a baseball game. 
 I used the foundation with a primer, I also used the HD stick as well for contouring. I applied blush and highlighter on top.
 It's a great product that wears long and stays put. It looks great on my dark skin as well (which is hard to find at times).This foundation gives beautiful coverage. I like applying it with a beauty sponge or a foundation brush. It wears well on my combination skin about 7-8 hours.I love this foundation because is full coverage, yet I doesn't look or feel like heavy make up is on my face. Long lasting and doesn't leave me oily unlike other foundations and concealers.I previously used this foundation a little over a year ago, however it was the wrong shade. Rather than swap shades, I just fell back on my Dior foundation. Then, I received this in an Influenster box with THE PERFECT SHADE. How did the "internet machine" match me perfectly and the girl in Sephora couldn't? Anyway, I LOVE LOVE LOVE this foundation. I apply in dots with my flat brush and then blend out with my BB. It's perfect. Buildable. Light. Stays put, and that's saying something because I have an oil slick for a face. I apply at 6am and by the time I'm home from work at 4:30pm, it hasn't broken up on my face and still looks flawless. I have to blot mayyyyybe once mid-afternoon and that's it. The texture is also perfect. Not too runny, but not thick and hard to blend. It is literally perfection. Do yourself a favor and start using this....like yesterday!I got it as a tester from Influenster and it was amazing! It matched my skin so perfect that it was just so weird because I've tried many other foundations and none worked like this one!I received this foundation complimentary from Influenster. This is my 2nd time using this foundation in a different shade and I see no difference! The foundation is so perfect and blends so smoothly and evenly. I dont think I could use another foundation. This one is perfect. Thank you Influenster and Make up ForeverI love the pump and how east it was to apply. It wasn't too thick so it felt like I was wearing nothing at all year it had great coverage!The Make Up For Ever Ultra HD foundation glides on your skin flawlessly. It covers every imperfection when I generously apply it and stays on all day (of course, applying primer and setting spray). I prefer to apply this foundation with a beauty blender as opposed to a brush because I feel it looks more smooth on my skin. I love this foundation and use it daily, however I did not give this 4 stars because sometimes it becomes oily on my skin and I have to dab the shine off! It could just be my skin! Other than that, this is a great foundation and I recommend it to anyone who wants full coverage and long lasting foundation.What I love most about this product is how lightweight it feels on your face, but also does an incredible job with coverage.I have terrible dark circles under my eyes and this does a great job hiding them. The only thing I'm not a fan of, is that it feels damp most of the day. Like you touch it and it moves around a little. I like makeup that dries completely--but it still does a great job.This product applies easily and easily blends with other products. I think the shade I got was a little bit too yellow-y for my skin- but otherwise the product was great. Not sure if it's worth the $40 price tag though!Be careful with this product- a little goes a long way!I had a lot of expectations going into trying the MUFE HD Invisible cover foundation. I probably should have lowered those before I try it, because I've honestly had drug store foundations that I prefer over this. It rolls and looks weird 3-4 hours into the day and doesn't work well with many primers, including the MUFE primer. I do have combination skin and finding foundations can be a challenge, but for the price this really should wear a lot longer.This foundation totally lives up to the hype. The consistency is thin, but not watery. It comes with an efficient pump, which is always a nice bonus. Coverage is light to medium, but easily buildable and blendable. The finish is gorgeous - natural in a healthy way. I have no issues with this foundation separating or caking. It lasts almost all day: at around 8 hours of wear, I notice my redness peeking through a little bit. I don't see any issues of separation or clinging to dry patches at any point though. There is no SPF, so this is the perfect foundation for photography.With my cool, fair skin, I chose R230, but there are so many shades to choose from that other shades may work for me as well.I really like this light coverage foundation for my daily makeup! It is really easy to blend, feels so smooth to your skin. It certainly look like a second skin. I've got this foundation free via Influenster but all my opinions are honest regarding this product.I got the shade Y255 and it was a perfect match for my skin tone. I understand this foundation is buildable, so I absolutely love that I can achieve any coverage I desire on any given day. Why I never thought to try this foundation sooner is beyond me. It's definitely a game changer in the world of make up! I usually apply this with a beauty blender but using a brush will work as well. I have combo skin, so as long as I prime and set right, this foundation stays perfect all over. It also filters my complexion beyond what I could imagine. Ultra HD is right. Man, if only my skin could be like this naturally, ya know? Lol.I love how easy it is to find my Shade! I have a yellow undertone and I just have to look for a Y color! This gives you such a natural skin like finish that can either be medium to a more full coverage. Love that it comes in a pump too!I was excited to finally try this Make Up Forever foundation. It feels so lightweight coverage is light to full and is buildable. The shade range is awesome as it comes in 40 different shades I was able to find my exact shade. I liked that It lasted all day in 90°+ weather into the night when used with a setting spray. Still lasted almost all day without setting spray. I will definitely be switching from my previous foundation to Make Up Forever very much worth the price!!!This foundation is amazing I love the coverage and the natural look is one of my favorite for a long wearThis foundation is amazing. It has good coverage and goes on smoothly. You don't have to use a lot. A little bit works perfectly fine. Oh and it also last all day. :)I love this foundation! It's so light weight and looks flawless all day! I have very oily skin so a light weight foundation like this is a dream. Build able coverage is a plus and it blends with my primer and concealer perfectly! It looks even better when I use a setting spray! But I do recommend the stick foundation if you're into a fuller face. Same light weight consistency and everything, just more pigment!It left my face looking really patchy and dry. Even one of my coworkers asked me why my face looked so nasty around the T zone. Returned it the next day.This was one of the first foundation I ever wore when I first started wearing makeup. I loved it then and I still love it now. I love the way this foundation applies on the skin very flawlessly. This foundation is a medium coverage foundation yet you can build it up to be a full coverage foundation. I apply this foundation with with either a beauty sponge or a flat top kabuki brush this foundation applies beautifully with both.This foundation has great coverage without feeling heavy or cakey.This foundation is awesome! I usually use Becca foundation but for any special events, I'll sometimes use makeup forever. This one did not disappoint! The foundation is thin but the coverage is perfect. It is for sure buildable but you don't get cake face because it's not super thick. Overall, I love it especially if you're going to have pictures taken since there is no SPF in it. I have been having some cheek and jawline breakouts and it covered them effortlessly. 
 I received this product for free from Influenster in return for my feedback.I work at an elementary school so this product is wonderful because it's medium coverage so I can just wear it for work and if I want to go out it's buildable for a night full coverage look. It last throughout my work day. It's a must have!I love this foundation! It is completely worth the hype! However, I will say that I like the stick form a lot better than the liquid!This is a reallllly nice and high quality foundation that is easily spread and very vuildable. I only took a star off because my face is oily at the end of the day because of it. I don't get this problem with maybeline or Giorgio Armani.I absolutely love this product. It is so light on my skin and goes on so smooth. It is such a creamy foundation that I can wear everyday. I can build it up to get move coverage if I need it. I would recommend to all my friends.I have a fair/light complexion with warm undertones, and the shade 117=Y225 is a perfect match for me. Honestly, you can't even tell I'm wearing foundation, it matches me so well. For reference I am NC15 in MAC. I also have normal to dry skin. 
 First off, the packing is really nice. It's very sleek and the pump is very appreciated! The formula applies to my skin very effortlessly and has a light to medium coverage that is build able. My favorite method to apply this foundation is using a damp beauty blender. However, you can also use a dense foundation brush, which will give you more coverage-especially if you use a stippling motion. I have Hyper-pigmentation on my cheeks and when I use the method I mentioned, it covers it completely. The foundation sets on its own, and gives you a natural, healthy, skin-like finish. Unlike other foundations,this one hydrates my skin and doesn't cling to any dry patches I may have. The HD technology is completely accurate, as it does give you an airbrushed look. I have taken pictures and videos since using this foundation, and my skin looks completely flawless in them! You can also set it with a powder, without it looking heavy. I don't tend to wear my foundation any longer then eight hours, so I can't really comment if it is long wearing. However, during those hours it stays looking good all day with no need to touch up. Honestly, this is one of the best foundations I have ever used, which is saying a lot, because I've tried so many! I would defiantly recommend this to anyone looking for a new foundation! #UltraHDGenerationI've been wanting to try this for forever now and I'm so happy I did. Love how easy it is to blend and the coverage is great. I also like the natural finish it gives me. I'm already recommending this to my friends and familyThis is my new HG foundation for summer! I've been using the YSL Touche Eclat, but it makes me skin look a bit slick and oily halfway through the day. The MUFE foundation doesn't—it leaves a lovely matte finish (I'll mix in a Becca highlighter if I want additional glow all over) It's super lightweight on my skin and doesn't feel heavy at all.I tend to wear a very light layer of foundation and the MUFE Ultra HD foundation works well for that, but it layers nicely for heavier coverage.Shade range is also excellent, and the pump feels quite sturdy to use.Honestly the only good thing I have to say about this foundation is that it comes in a shade light enough for me (205). It is super light coverage, streaky no matter if you apply with a brush or sponge, cakey/flaky, and doesnt last very long.I love this foundation! It's super lightweight and it barely feels like I'm wearing anything. It also has super buildable coverage which I love. This product says it will look great under lights or in real life - which is totally true! It always looks amazing!This is a long lasting pretty full coverage without feeling heavy or oily.I would agree the stick is better but I don't have any complaints about the liquid.I received this product for free to review. I'm surprised by how much I like it. When I first dispensed the product, I was taken about by how fluid it was. But the coverage is decent with 1 pump and buildable. And I enjoy the satiny finish. I would definitely repurchaseI hate the feeling of heavy liquid foundations and this one is such a nice change! It feels light on the skin but still gives fabulous coverage and blends beautifully. My skin doesn't look cakey or heavy but I still get an even, natural finish for the rest of my makeup. I have oily skin so I still set with powder. Lasts well throughout the day and doesn't break me out. Love it!This foundation is so smooth. It feels like a primer on your skin! I like it best without a powder though (I use Bare Minerals veil in neutral) as the powder makes it look a little cake-y. I haven't taken too many photos to test the HD, but like I said before this is the smoothest, softest foundation and it just glides on your skin. I don't like to wear it too long because it makes me break out, but just don't wear it for 12 hours a day :-) Love it!!!!!!!!I have this in the stick and foundation form. In love both. The coverage is great. I find I get a little more with the stick. I have acne scars and sometimes I go in for a bit of a second layer with the foundation. The color range is great. This is my go to!I got this foundation from influenster to try, -!: normally I don't like a full face foundation, !75 I love how buildable and natural this is! It can definitely be worn as medium coverage or built to full, but it's so thin and airy thy it doesn't feel like you're wearing it! Color selection is great too!I am very particular about foundation. I have oily and acne prone skin so I always do a ton of research when looking for a foundation. This one takes the cake! It's very lightweight and matches my skin tone flawlessly. I'm able to easily build a contour and highlight on top without feeling too cakey. I highly recommend this product!I'm so in love with this foundation. Since I got it I wear it constantly. I love wearing it when I want medium coverage especially when I'm running out the door real fast. It's very buildable, but one pump give a great medium coverage. The shade is really good! There are many options when it comes to color. I definitely recommend it!Love this foundation!! It leaves me a flawless finish, long lasting, and medium coverage. It looks awesome in pics or video!!!I love how smooth this foundation goes on. Better yet, it is so smooth that it feels like it's barely there! Looks great, feels even better!I've used Make Up For Ever Liquid Ultra HD Foundation for over a year now, and I am on my third bottle. Overall, this foundation is in my top favorites, but its not "holy grail" status yet. Here are my pros and cons about this foundation: The foundation is lightweight and delivers medium to full coverage. The foundation is buildable. The foundations lasts all day, but primer, setting power and setting spray are a factor in the wear-length of this foundation. The liquid foundation is runnier than other liquid foundations that I have used. As for packaging, the pump is nice and mess-free but when the liquid gets down to the bottom you can't get to the last bits (as the container can't be opened, I don't like this as I like to use products to the last drop). This foundation comes in many many shades which is a plus! The price is $43 per bottle, which is fair since the bottle will last you probably six months, but this product could be $5-$10 dollars cheaper.This foundation is, in a word, incredible. I have somewhat oily skin, which means foundation tends to slide off my face long before the day's end, but this one, for once, stays put. It doens't feel thick, add any extra oily feel, or cake on. It's smooth & soaks in more like a BB cream while providing full coverage. I think this is my new fave!I absolutely love this foundation. It gives great coverage but at the same time feels so soft and light on my face which I absolutely love! I have acne prone and oily skin and it works great for all day wear!While I love the dewy, natural, but full-coverage finish this gives, it doesn't always blend evenly into my combo skin. It can occasionally sit on top, and appear uneven after hours of wear. The Ultra HD Stick foundation however is a MUST! It's my holy grail stick foundation for skin that looks natural, but flawless - and it lasts beautifully all day.So I received this foundation from influenster to review. And let me just say I LOVE it. My skin looks so glowy and the coverage is just right. I have no complaints for this foundation whatsoever!Absolutely love this foundation! This lasts all day on my oily/combo skin. This foundation also is a perfect match for me (for reference I used the shade Y365). The coverage is little light, but 2 layers doesn't feel heavy on my skin. Would definitely buy this when I run out!This foundation I my go to when doing wedding makeup for clients. It looks airbrushed and flawless in photos. There are an amazing amount of shades to choose from. I suggest going in the store to see them. I find the most popular shades are y315, y225, and r220.I wanted to LOVE this foundation because it's so popular. I tried it so many different times in so many different ways. Primer, no primer , moisturizer, etc. Nothing works. This foundation separates after a few hours and accentuates texture. Did not work at oil for me. I have oily skin on my T zone and dry patches elsewhere.I'm more on the oily side and I thought this would give me the coverage and staying power I needed. I have tried the stick foundation and that lasts so much better on my oily skin and gives me better coverage.I did not expect what I got out of this foundation! I'm extremely picky when it comes to makeup. Ultra HD provides great medium to full coverage based on how much you build. It's weightless but doesn't run or come off with water. I have dry skin, and wore this makeup for 8 hours straight with no over drying effects, and no cakiness. I definitely recommend!!I love this foundation. In fact I own 5 bottles of it in various shades for different times of the year. I recommend it to all of my friends and viewers. I suffer from acne and this paired with the MUFE primers ( the smoothing and the moisturizing ones are my fav ) gives me beautiful, buildable full coverage. My skin does get oily, so at the end of the day the product (like most I use) breaks up a bit around my nose and smile line areas. Overall, great product. Gives me one of the most natural looking finishes out of all the foundations I have ever tried. I also love the shade range!!I use to love this foundation, it was my go to! Now it oxidizes on my skin so bad! After about 1 hour my face feels like it is melting off. I have combination skin and I use a setting powder and spray and nothing fixes it. Not my go to now.I don't suggest this foundation for people with dry skin. I wanted to love this foundation so bad because everyone raves about it, but I just couldn't! I have HORRIBLE dry skin, especially around my nose and just clings to all my dry patches around my nose and under eyes. :(This is a photo from the first time I tried the MUFE Ultra HD Foundation Foundation in 118=Y325I really like this liquid foundation for light every day natural makeup (which is what I wear the most, honestly!). When comparing this to the MUFE Ultra HD Invisible Cover Stick Foundation, I've found that the stick lends itself to immediately being a bit more full coverage than the liquid HD foundation, and obviously this is due to the fact that the stick is a thicker formula than the lightness of the liquid. You can definitely build up the coverage of both, but I like the liquid for when I want something light and barely-there as a veil to just even out skin tone, and it's great for an every day "no makeup-makeup" look. 
 The stick can also be applied more thinly for a natural look, but it's really great at immediately erasing any imperfections and is amazing at being very full coverage, if that's what you're after. The color of both blend so perfectly into my skin, I'll often use them just on specific areas I want to cover, and leave the rest of my skin bare.
 Anyway, I have pretty good skin, and other than a few minor and sporadic blemishes the overall texture and tone of my skin is good. I also have normal skin, which is neither super oily, nor is it too dry. I do always want to cover my undereye circles and a few color spots/blemishes, but otherwise don't want a heavy foundation, and this is perfect for that. And it really does look great in HD photos! It's like a snapchat beauty filter for real life! If you require full coverage or have very oily skin, I would recommend you try the stick over this liquid foundation.
 I did receive both the liquid and the stick foundations in an Influenster box, but I would never mislead my fellow beauty junkies and say something was good when it's not. :DAs a professional make up artist I always have this foundation in my kit in at least 10 different shades. This is one of the most versatile beautiful camera friendly foundations I've ever used, I just got to try out some new shades thanks to MUFE and Influenster which was really great because they were some shades I didn't have in my kit and hadn't worked with yet and it just reminded me of how beautiful blendable buildable and bomb this foundation really is. What I love most about it is that it has no flashback it looks beautiful on camera has a skin like finish it doesn't feel heavy on the face and doesn't settle into fine lines. I would recommend this to anybody looking for a go to every day foundation that's comfortable long wearing and beautiful.I got this foundation a few weeks ago and have been testing it out. I really really really love the color. It has moderate coverage and lasts all day. I do said it with a setting powder. The setting powder I use is for oil control. The ultra HD stick foundation has more coverage but this one has awesome coverage and is buildable I would say moderate to full where as the ultra HD is moderate to very full. it just depends on how much you use. I am very oily and was surprised at how long this foundation lasted. I think it's an awesome foundation and I was very excited to get it from Influenster to try for free.Love this! I look like I had my makeup done and it's perfect!!! Goes on smooth and flawless even after a long day.I enjoyed trying the Make Up For Ever Ultra HD Invisible Coverage foundation. The formula is a bit on the thin side, but that makes it perfect for buildable coverage. It's a great foundation for everyday use. It applies easily and evenly. It lasts all day, but I do require a touchup (either with oil blotting papers or powder) after lunch. Overall, it's a good foundation!There are two things that I think make this foundation great and worth the hype - it's amazing color match and it's super blendability and buildable coverage! I was so used to makeup changing my skin tone slightly, that when I put this on I was so surprised at how well it matched my skin. It literally felt like my skin graft in a bottle - the undertone match was perfect! So perfect that I often forgot I had on makeup.
 Which leads to my second LOVE about this foundation. This is a super blendable foundation that goes from very lightweight to full coverage. The first time I wore this it was to work and it left me with that perfect no-make up make up look on my skin. My skin looked beautiful, but it looked like my skin. I definitely understand the name HD on the bottle.
 I have combination skin and I did get some break through oil and shine throughout the day, but nothing out of the ordinary for me. Just a little translucent powder touch up and I was OK. Next time I will try it with the primer underneath as well to try and block the oilInfluenster sent me this foundation to try out. I've been using it for a couple of weeks now and I'm having a bit of a love hate relationship with it. I love the light weight feel of the formula, but I'm not sure it's the best foundation for my skin type. I have oily, acne prone skin and when I'm having a "good skin" day I love this foundation! It's medium coverage so it evens out my skin tone while still allowing my freckles to show through, BUT on the days I'm having a few skin issues I have to work pretty hard to build up coverage. Like I said, some days I love it and some days I hate it. For that reason I'm not sure if I will ever purchase this product, but I will continue using it for now.Make Up Forever always has amazing products but this is must be my new fav! Being that I'm always on the go this works magic in seconds & great for contouring!I received this product as a sample and was pleasantly surprised. Although I had heard great reviews of the product beforehand, I was still a bit skeptical when putting it on. At first the foundation came out VERY liquidy, but I shook it up and the second pump was much better. Although significantly thinner than any foundation I had used in the past, I really like the coverage and was very happy to see that there was no clinging to dry spots or cakiness. I also noticed that there was absolutely no scent as this is something that I tend to be sensitive to. The finish was pleasantly matte without looking unnatural. I was most surprised by the fact that this was a perfect match for my skin tone, especially since I had chosen the color online.Influenster sent me samples of both this and the stick foundation to test out. I have heard amazing reviews on this foundation so I was super excited to try it when I received it. 
 I like the packaging it is light and easy to carry around when traveling,I usually buy luxury brands and sometimes bottle is too heavy.
 Texture of the product is liquidy which makes it easy to blend,there is also a great selection of shades. I did not notice any scent unlike other foundations that has fragrance. I prefer full coverage for my foundation and this one is rather buildable, it doesnt cake up which is good. I still use a concealer for my blemishes. It provides a flawless finish and definetely feels like Im not wearing any foundation. I have combination skin, I prefer using it with my Laura Mercier powder and a setting spray to make it long lasting otherwise after a few hours I notice some areas getting oily. Price is reasonable but would prefer if it was cheaper.This foundation is amazing! I have some redness and acne scars and this covers all of that really well. I use 3 pumps of the foundation on the back of my hand and apply it to my face using a damp beauty blender. I don't always set it with powder afterwards because I don't feel the need to. I can get a bit oily around my chin and sides of my nose normally, but this foundation doesn't cause excess oiliness in those areas if I choose not to set my face with powder. The foundation lasts all day for me and it photographs beautifully.I really wanted to like this foundation but with my oily skin, after 4 hours I really start to "glow", so I wear this foundation on days when j don't need makeup to last long. The feeling of it on, is really good thoughI'm amazed by how light this formula is and yet the coverage it provides amazing. I'm still playing around with finding the best application technique, but i still get endless compliments on how great my skin looks. The finish is very skin-like, but i find myself leaning more towards the stick version of this foundation that makes me feel like "Foundation where?" you cant tell me that i have on any makeup....i've started using them both together, the liquid where i'd normally highlight with concealer and the stick on the rest of my face. It looks awesome!The part I love about this foundation is that its lightweight and makes you feel like you're wearing nothing. It's medium coverage and quite blendable. I personally did not try to build it up so unsure if it does or not. I use it with a foundation Morphe E44 brush and after it sets it looks beautiful and give a you a slight glow to the skin. The only down side and the part I hate is that it clings to my dry patches. The first day it stuck to my forehead and nose. The second time it just stuck to my nose(I made sure and exfoliated before applying) I didn't even see any dry patches prior but I seem to find it and it clumped up around the side of my nose as well. Other than that I truly enjoyed the foundation!I am so in love with this product.I have always had an issue finding a foundation that actually works with the dry skin around my nose & my oily forehead/jawline! My skin feels soft & looks even when I use this HD foundation. I always see makeup tutorials online where people look airbrushed, I figured this was unattainable for me THIS PRODUCT ACTUALLY GIVES ME THIS LOOK! I am so impressed. The product builds up coverage beautifully & leaves a truly supple finish. It lasts through my work day even without a setting spray and when paired with the HD concealer stick my I have been getting so many compliments from friends & strangers!The coverage is great and it doesn't feel cakey. My first time ever using their foundation and I am definitely a fan now. I even accidentally fell asleep with it on and I still looked pretty in the morning lolLove the ULTRAHD STICK FOUNDATION, natural blend cover imperfect I'm not feeling my skin greasy or dry...my skin look mosturized soft freshIm loving this he foundation. So light weight and lots of great shades.It was alright. It is really light weight. Not enough coverage. The stick formula is better. This foundation is for someone who want to look natural and feel like they have nothing on. Which is fine but I like more.Love the formula Change of the foundation, I've been using it for three years now and I just received this foundation for free as a part of influenster for testing and review purposes. I love this foundation for a few reasons, it's medium to full build but it doesn't cake on the face, it feels light on the face, in some cases depending on your skin type the foundation will need to be followed up with a setting powder to avoid it from getting oily and you can easily find your matchI absolutely love Makeup Forever HD Ultra HD! This product goes on smoothly and the color stays the same all day! You don't need to like it on to get full coverage, but it is a great buildable foundation that I use to cover my ankle tattoo and you can't even tell that it's there. It may be considered pricey to some, but it is comparable to the other professional foundation brands. It is also worth it if you are seeking to up your foundation game. The HD really gives you great pictures and makes your skin look flawless! I highly recommend! * Thank you to Makeup Forever for the Ultra HD to try*I received this product for free in return on my honest review of the product. I LOVE this foundation as it goes on light and is not cakey! This foundation is now my go to, and I will be using this as my everyday foundation from now on! You can build the coverage with this foundation and I really like that.Feels super light weight and sheer on skin, but has nice coverage and overall color. 
 Wouldn't recommend for someone that has alot of acne or major scaring because for me personally its medium coverage.I have naturally very dry skin with a lot of redness and texture. It's hard to find a foundation that's not going to make everything look worse, until I found this foundation! Makeup Forever knows how to make a foundation!I get clean, even, natural-looking coverage every time I use this product. Even my teenager loves it and used it for her homecoming glam look.This is a great everyday product that provides enough coverage. It is very lightweight and gives you the feeling of not wearing anything! Difficult to build up so better for light to medium coverage.While I must say that this foundation may not last the longest, it is one of the most beautiful finishes a foundation can give. This foundation applies quite thin, nothing heavy, and becomes like a second layer of skin. It has a medium build able coverage that doesn't cake when layered. Powders and other products apply effortlessly on top. Perfect for pictures and videos and simply looks good in all lighting. The only reason I docked a star is for its staying power. On a good day I can get a good 5-6 hours with this foundation but after that point it soon starts to wear. However that is without a touch up so maybe that can be a quick fix!Thanks to influenster for my free sample of make up for ever ultra HD foundation. I love how I put it on and it went on smoothly and it didn't make my face feel cakey, it felt amazing and the coverage is amazing. I love how I can wear it all day and my face doesn't get oily like other foundations that I have tried in the past. This is my go to foundation. Love it!!!I am Asian with medium skin tones and dark if I am quite active. For me it is tough generally to find something that matches my skin tone and also stays put. I have oily skin so a lot of time it melts away or looks like a sloppy mess. Not the case with this foundationI love this foundation! I usually use the Too Faced Born this Way foundation and I really like it. But this one is a game changer! It goes on so smooth and doesn't even feel like I'm wearing any foundation! It's perfectly creamy and the shade matches my skin tone perfectly!This foundation goes on very smooth and has many different shades to some it is very easy to match your skin. I found that it wasn't a full coverage but was a good basic foundation. it is also very light and blends in very well to get a flawless natural lookI am a very busy person always on the move.I work in pharmacy so I'm am constantly running back and forth. I fell in love with this foundation, It glides on soo smoothly and has a natural glow to it. I have slightly oily acne prone skin. Throughout the day I don't need to blot my face. The foundation stays on all day.The foundation is Medium coverage but highly build able. Using a setting powder after application to get the most out of your foundation. I had previously owned the Make up Forever HD Foundation and I have to say I wasn't a big fan. It was a tad bit tacky and didn't blend that great. This Formula Change has reversed my opinion about this foundation and I am in Love!I love trying out every new makeup product out there and was happy to have have to opportunity to try it from Influenster. As soon as I put it on, I noticed that it went on smoothly and gave me such a smooth HD finish. The foundation is buildable so it could be full coverage and it doesn't feel cakey. The color was perfect for my skin tone. The only con I found was that it's not long lasting so you eventually have to do a touch up after about 5 hours.Love this foundation! Gives me a medium flawless coverage with no flash backs!I really love the way this foundation applies.My skin is a bit on the oily side so I definitely have to set this foundation with a powder, but the finish is beautiful. With a wide variety of shades it was still a bit hard to find mine. I'm very pale but with a foundation mixer I was able to lighten it up perfectly.I recieved this product as well as the Foundation stick from Influenster for testing. I brought the products with me to Boston Fashion Week and applied it on many models. It blended into skin beautifully and was a nice medium coverage. The range of shades is fantastic and the consistency is light. It's not as buildable as I would have liked and I felt the Foundation Stick didn't match me as well as the Foundation did. Still a great buy for those "no makeup" makeup daysI am not one to use light coverage foundations, but I surprisingly liked this one and I'm more of a full face mask type of girl when it comes to foundation. This foundation is build-able and looks great when I spot conceal. I received this foundation as a free sample from Influenster and Makeup Forever.Obsessed with this foundation! It's so lightweight and matches my skin perfectly. Would definitely recommend!!I'm not sure if the reason why this foundation didn't meet my expectations is because I am just new in the make-up world, only applied a moisturizer prior to application of the foundation, have a very dry skin type, or not applying the foundation the right way. I used a sponge to apply the foundation and right away I didn't see it cover much even with a second coat. Not compatible with some make-up since it tends to cancel out the purpose of other make-up. However, I barely felt the foundation, didn't make a mess when it got too hot and I started to sweat, and was able to blend with my skin tone very easily.Received the foundation as well as the stick from Influenster to try out . I love the coverage , it looks natural and doesn't feel too cakey on your face . It's a little darker than my skin tone but it doesn't look bad . I mix it with another foundation only because it's a little thin & mixing it with a thicker one gave me the perfect color for my skin tone . I'll definitely be buying this when I'm done with this one !I have oily skin and this makes my pores looks huge. Color match is nice and clearly works better for others.I love how long this lasts and its really light on my skin.I received this Foundation from Influenster and I LOVE IT! It gives me a natural yet buildable coverage. I do have to wear a primer with this or it doesn't last on my skin, but my face eats makeup off!! This Foundation makes my skin look smooth and blemish free!I was so excited to try this foundation since it's always been a famous HG product and it really didn't disappoint! I applied it with a wet beauty blender, and it went on smoothly and blended perfectly. I had no issues with the product transferring and it gives my skin a nice glow while still maintaining a mostly matte finish. I love how it gives me an airbrushed appearance and the rest of my makeup applies so smoothly over top of it. My only complaints are that it isn't as long lasting on my skin (I usually notice a difference in my redness peaking through after about 6 hours) and I have to use two pumps to do my whole face, while most of my foundations I only need one pump. Overall though, I highly recommend this product!I love how this foundation feels on my skin! It's really light and almost airy in texture. The shade range is really good as well. I dont need or want anything that offers too much coverage, or is too cakey, so this foundation is absolutely perfect for me. However, if you do need a little extra coverage, it builds really well without getting too thick. I really am so happy with the way it looks with my setting powder, it's like a filter in real life! Totally reccomend!I love this foundation. I have a hard time finding a foundation that matches my skin tone, I have olive skin tone. This foundation matched perfectly, I also like that it dried very fast on my skin and it blended wonderfully. This is the best foundation I have tried .I love this foundation, it has great coverage but not too cakey feeling. This is my new favorite foundation! Was so happy to get this to try out, can't wait to buy more! I encourage people to recommend this to their friends.So I received this as a gift from influenster. They are not paying me to write a review, just to throw that out there. I tried this for 3 weeks and found that I love the consistency, stay power and how it blends so easily over a primer. I do have to mix the colors with another foundation to get the perfect color, but other than that, it really is a great foundation.This foundation is exactly what I've been looking for! It literally works for every occasion - day-to-day for work, I can apply a light layer with my beauty blender and it looks super dewey and clean. For night or special occasions, applying in layers with a brush gives me a more finished and full-coverage look. Also, great match for my skin tone!!So I got both the bottle and the stick and haven't tried the liquid yet because the color is a little too dark for me right now. But I love the stick because I am using it as a contour color since its too dark!I am so impressed with this foundation because of how well it matches my skin tone and the coverage! Out of all my foundations, this one is my new favorite. I also got the HD stick foundation and am in love with that too! The liquid foundation gives me a dewy effect and the stick is more matte.Let me first say that I was sent this for review by Make Up For Ever and Influenster. That said I am going to say my honest opinion, it's free makeup they are not paying me. I have nothing to lose but my own self respect. I am very picky about Foundation, I hardly ever wear it because I usually feel like washing my face off right away. The only foundation I've ever found that I could tolerate is the Giorgio Armani one. Until now, I Really like this Foundation!! It covers beautifully, I have pronounced pores and redness and it covers all of that and leaves my skin looking beautifully natural. I really am impressed and love this foundation! I will be purchasing this when I run out. #UltraHDGenerationAt first I was a bit skeptical of how this foundation would match my skin tone. After the first swatch I was in complete shock that it matched so effortlessly! the buildable coverage is a plus for me especially without having to apply concealer or color correctors to my dark spots.This is the only foundation i have used that didn't break my skin out! i'm in love with its coverage and easy application.I can say I really enjoy this foundation. It has the perfect amount of coverage for a everyday foundation. You can build up your coverage without it feeling cakey. I am oily skin and this foundation last 4-5 hours without me having to blot. It's very easy to blend into skin with a sponge and brush. No flash back which is a plus and perfect for when taking photos. The shade range is amazing. So many shades to pick from so if you are the lightest skin you will find a shade and if you have the darkest skin tone you will find your shade as well. So it's amazing for all.I love this foundation! I am Asian and have a yellow tint to my skin. The color had a tint that was a perfect match. It's a medium coverage but feels so light on my skin. It also lasts a really long time. Love that it can be built up. My new favorite foundation.very blotchy even with different applications (brush, beauty blender, makeup sponge) but did come in different shades. Not good for acne-prone skinI have always found MUFE HD to be a good go-to foundation. It suits most skin types and the new shades are a fantastic addition to the range. On my oily skin, it's not terribly long-wearing without good prep (moisturize/prime) and I do need to touch up a few times per day. What I do love is that it is never cakey and has a beautiful, lightweight natural finish.I was looking for a light non drying foundation with great coverage, and I found it! It doesn't fall into my pores, lasts all day, and they have shades or everybody.I really like this foundation, the color selection is great and I was able to easily find a shade to match me. I found it can be a tad watery but it feels really light on the skin while being full coverage at the same time. I found that it last a long time during the day but to make it last longer a setting powder is fantastic!I love this foundation because as someone who is really pale it is super difficult to find a foundation that's light enough for my skin! Alabaster is the best shade for pale skin tones. This foundation is super long wearing, which I love. My only complaint is that on my skin type (dry) it creases in the lines around my mouth. When you moisturize quite a bit before applying, this helps the creasing immensely. I received this product for free in exchange for an honest review - however I would definitely buy again.It was very smooth and went on very nice but like any foundation, that sensation only last for so long.
 I stopped wearing foundation because it was breaking out my skin and I felt bound to however long my makeup lasted. 
 I definitely will use it for special occasions and date nights but not for every day wear.I loved this product! It feels very light yet lasts all day. The first day I wore it I received constant compliments on my makeup. The coverage is extremely build-able. It lasted on my face all the way through an SEC football game in the middle of an 80 degree day.LOVE this foundation! It's the first foundation I have tried that truly feels like I'm wearing nothing! I have a lot of hyperpigmentation which I often have a hard time covering with foundation without it looking heavy. This foundation cancels out that pink pigmentation in my face and gives me a smooth even canvas! If your on the market for a new foundation I would defiantly give this a try!I received this foundation in both liquid and stick form and adore it! It blends so well with my skin tone and texture. I had ever used a stick foundation before and now I'm hooked! The ease of application is amazing, and it still goes on creamy and naturally. One thing I have noticed though is my face looks a tad greasy after a few hours and i need to apply more powder to mattify. I definitely recommend, I've been using it more than all my other foundations!I absolutely loved this foundation and how well it blended in. It made my skin look absolutely flawless and did not cause any break outs. And the color was perfect for my skin tone. I was so happy to get this product.Great option for those full coverage days! I used my beauty blender to apply it and it blended great and was very easy to build up to desired coverage! Does not make me look cakey which is a big plus!I'm not a huge fan of foundations with such a heavy formula. It does provide a lot of coverage, but I prefer a lighter formula.I love this foundation. I have been looking for a product that is easy to blend, offers full coverage, and also isn't too thick or sticky. This Invisible HD foundation is exactly what I have been missing for my beauty routine! I apply it with a sponge for daytime, and it stays put all day. At night, I'll use a foundation brush and a spritz of makeup setting spray, and I know I am good for the night - it doesn't even crease in my smile lines which is sort of incredible (I smile a LOT). I got a slightly lighter shade than my complexion, so I use a light bronzer around my cheeks, forehead and nose to blend the colors for a natural glow. I am very happy with this product and also excited that it doesn't clog my pores, it comes off very clean with a makeup remover. I recommend this for any one who wants a full-coverage, clean finish.I'm absolutely in love with my Make Up For Ever Foundation. They come in so many different shades that it's guaranteed you will find the perfect shade to match your skintone. This foundation gives me perfect coverage and covers any blemishes or uneven spots on my face to give me a flawless and even complexion. It also has great lasting power and doesn't melt off during the day like other foundations tend to do. It's called 'HD" for a reason..you literally look photo shoot ready with this foundation on!I was so pleased with this foundation! The coverage was great along with the weight, my face did not feel cakey at all but my skin looked even and natural. Worth the cost.A few weeks ago I polled the social media masses about foundations. I've been able to use powder for years & get enough coverage. Years of living near the beach have finally caught up with me. I need more than a heavy powder can provide. Enter this foundation... I was given a sample to try, and I don't think I can ever look back. The coverage is light enough to feel airy yet heavy enough to actually cover my old lady age spots. It's buildable. A little bronzer, a little powder--maybe even a little highlighter if I'm feeling crazy. It's been a happy transition into the world of foundation for me.First of all, my face is covered in some pretty dark acne scarring, so finding a foundation that actually has decent coverage and can cover up those dark colors is a thumbs up in my book. When I first applied this, I was nervous because it was more runny than the foundation I normally wear, and the first layer didn't seem to do much. But I put on another layer over my problem areas and surprisingly enough, they covered those areas very well. The foundation lasted majority of the day with a setting powder over it, and felt like it was barely there. Overall I'm pleased with the coverage and color range as well, I can see myself repurchasing this in the future. *I did receive this product for testing purposes from influenster.Full disclosure: I haven't had the best experience with MUFE foundations I have used in the past, so I was not expecting to love this foundation like I do. It blends seamlessly, doesn't oxidize, and stays put.
 I wore this foundation today for 14 hours. At the 10 hour mark, it still looked passable, and to my surprise, at hour 14 I didn't look like a hot mess--my foundation remained intact, yet faded. The coverage wasn't exactly what it was soon after application, but it didn't break up; it just began to disappear a bit.
 I was thrilled with how this foundation performed on my forehead and next to my nose where my foundation typically breaks up. I didn't really see any of that.
 You can really go crazy setting this foundation without it looking terribly cakey. I love baking when I wear this foundation, and it always comes out well. 
 My only qualm with this foundation is that it isn't the greatest for covering breakouts. Even little pimples poked out and were hard to keep covered--I kept having to go back to them and re-attempt to get them covered.Amazing foundation that stay on long and finishes matte, and I have super oily skin. It is not super full coverage more like medium coverage but it doesn't feel like you wearing any makeup at all. I don't think that this is a foundation that always needs to be set either which is nice.This product and the similar stick foundation came in my Vox Box and I would have to assign four stars to this, but five to the combo overall. The stick is a little heavier but the liquid foundation is light and manages not to be drying. I'm not sure if I would buy this but would definitely recommend to those minimalists.I love this foundation, it blends easily and covers really well. I got the perfect shade and it makes my skin look great. It works better than my previous foundation from urban decay. It applies well with a sponge, and lasts through a long a day.I have been using the Make Up For Ever Ultra HD Invisible Cover Foundation for about a week now, and I have to say 4 stars fits it pretty well. This is a quality product ladies and gentlemen, absolutely it goes on smooth, and covers all my blemishes very well. I did end up getting a slightly darker color than my actual skin, which has not really helped me out very much, but because of the coverage, I can definitely bring this down my neck and make it look pretty natural. I have very dry skin, so my only wish was that this foundation was just a little more moisturizing-- It is fairly matte, an approach taken for the film industry actually-- but for everyday use I am having to mix it with oil for comfortable wear.I was so excited to try this product (which I received for free from the brand to try out and review) but it honestly was really disappointing. First of all, I received the color Y205 Alabaster, which in the bottle looked like it would match my pale skin perfectly. However, after shaking the foundation as instructed, the product I pumped onto the back of my hand was runny and very liquidy and almost stark-white. It honestly didn't even look like a skin color, just white with a slight pink tint. I shook the product again and pumped more directly onto my beauty blender, thinking maybe it just needed to be pumped a couple of times. While it did thicken a little, it was still very liquidy. When I blended it into my skin, it looked like I had a weird white cast on my face, and it did not blend well whatsoever. It clung to every dry area on my face as well as any fine line on my face. For these reasons I would not recommend this product.I wore this all night at a wedding and reception and danced all night, when i got home i'm not kidding it was all still in tact! This product is amazing and well worth the price, for a great texture and amazing buildability you will worship it! it compliments my dry skin very well! I received this product as a free sampleI absolutely LOVE this product! It is full coverage without feeling caked on my face. It blends perfectly with my skin tone and you can barely tell if I'm wearing makeup. I've already repurchased my second bottle. 
 Also, my makeup always looks flawless in pictures which is KEY. This is my all time favorite foundation.I was very reluctant to try this foundation because I've used the Kat Von D tattoo foundation for so long, but I am so happy I finally tried it!!! It is so much more build-able than the tattoo foundation, but it has the same full coverage!! I had a lot of acne scars from my youth that I need to cover and this foundation does a great job of covering it!I am a videographer/pro MUA, and I can honestly say this is the only foundation I own - and that's a lot - that is completely invisible on the skin and provides a viable amount of coverage. It adds absolutely no perceptible texture, but still somehow manages to provide a solid medium coverage. Interestingly, this foundation is best applied with fingers or brush vs. BeautyBlender, as it seems to smooth the product in without having to use a ton. This is a workhorse in both my studio and day to day life. Perfect for days where you don't want your foundation to make a statement, and you'd rather let your eyes and lips take spotlight. Love it.I have to say: BEST FOUNDATION EVER! I received the foundation for testing products and I have to admit I wasn't putting 100% of my hopes on it but it completely blown my mind! The coverage was good, the duration of the product was just what I needed. Not a single thing to complain about it!This is my favorite foundation. So many colors in different tones and the coverage is great. I love the pump because you get every last drop and this little amount goes a long time. Doesn't feel heavy for the coverage. I wear it everyday and it never makes me break out.looking for a foundation that will last all day? This is your girl! This foundation is build able and has great coverage. I wore it for 12 hours and only had to touch up once. I have oily skin so that is really good for me!This wasn't a very big deal. I felt that there are better foundations on the market. However it does look matte. My first thought when I opened the foundation was that the smell was really bad and I hesitated to put it on. Overall it's a good product. I felt that you have to put on a couple coats of the liquid foundation if you are trying to cover something up.This foundation is amazing the coverage and buildability is insane it goes on so smooth and the texture is so soft and smooth also i did recieve this product from influencer for testing purposes but this is my honest opinionI absolutely love this foundation. I have combination skin that has some texture issues though I don't get many break outs. I love how this foundation covers my imperfections but still shows my freckles - it is truly undetectable and just looks like a better version of my skin. I use about two pumps with an It Cosmetics foundation brush all over my face (do not use a beauty blender - this foundation is much too liquidy for that) and then in areas where i need a bit more coverage, I used the Make Up Forever Ultra HD stick foundation on top of this - I love the finish of both this foundation and the stick!If you are looking for something light and natural looking this is your ticket. This foundation is very light to wear and gives a nice natural finish to your skin. It can build on the areas that you would like a bit more coverage (for me it's my nose) without looking cakey. I do get an oily tzone throughout the day and this foundation does a good job of still being there by the end of the day. It is a bit light of a coverage for those used to a more medium/full coverage but a great foundation otherwise. I received this product for free from influenster.I love this product! I think its great for everyday use. I have very sensitive skin and it didnt break my face out. It stays on very well and covers pretty good. It matches very well to my skin and looks very natural.I have dry skin and wear this over a primer and under a setting powder. It is best to build it in sheer layers, the coverage is medium, and I wouldn't say it is longwearing. The shade range is fantastic! I truly think there is a shade for everybody. #UltraHDGeneration.This foundation goes on smoothly and stays on for the wntire day. I received this sample from Influenster and Qasim pleasantly surprised by the amount in the bottle. Although it's expensive, it seems like it will last me a while. A little goes a long way! Goes on smoothly, lasts all day. The only issue I find is that on parts of my face is looks cakey (mostly around my eyes). This could be because my skin is dry so I'm going to keep trying it out. I would recommend this product for sure. I also love the stick that matches as well.I loved this foundation. It had been on my list to try for a long time, and I was finally able to try it out. First off, the color options are amazing. I think with any skin tone you could find the perfect match. For fairer girls like myself, this is a huge benefit. Second, I love how buildable the coverage is. Typically I don't like a ton of coverage, but at times when I have some blemishes, I was able to build on a little more to give me that airbrushed look I like. My skin is combination so it can get pretty dry, and this didn't grab to my dry patches. I have been using too faced born this way for the past year, and I have found it getting too oily, so I have been looking into making a switch. I do think I will continue using this foundation and it will likely replace born this way for me.I've gotten huge compliments since using this foundation, I love it's coverage, but towards the end of the day I start having a dewy finish. I recommend wearing it with powder, but it goes great with my contouring and blush. The color match was great.While I like the consistency of this and it goes on very smooth, it's just not enough coverage for me. Perhaps when I eat my skin looking how I want, I'll wear this more often!I absolutely love everything about this Foundation. Gives me the perfect medium-full coverage without going in my fine lines or looking like I have a mask. It's light weight formula is great for everyday or night use. The color range is also amazing, you will find the perfect shade. It's my go to Foundation always.I love this product love the way it glides to your skin I love how it matches perfectly to your skin def will recommend it to everyone and it's definitely medium coverage got it as a sample to try onGreat coverage as long as you take the time to build it up. I like the way it feels, I just think the finish is a bit too dewy. When I set it with powder, it's not so bad.I love MUF as a brand; their products are long wearing and quality is definitely there, but this just didn't work for me. I've tried different primers, the way I applied it, but it ended up making me more oily than most foundations, (I am VERY oily). I have tried the foundation stick from MUF, and have found that it works MUCH better for my skin type.I love this foundation in liquid form and stick.it gives such great coverage and beautiful finish without looking heavy.lasts all dayonly reason I'm giving This foundation is because the wrong color was sent to me. But I did try it on and I loved how the coverage was and how it stayed on. I wore it all day at the house and I loved it. Will be purchasing my correct color. *i received this product free for testing purposesI absolutely loved this foundation. I recived it as a free sample but I have used it previously. It covers great! The only thing I dislike is the price.I typically wear a very light coverage foundation so this was a little thicker than I am used to but I really liked it. Because it was a little thicker it lasted much longer than other foundations without looking cakey on my skin. I chose my shade online so when it arrived it was a bit lighter than what I needed so I would reccomend getting matched in person before ordering. Overall I loved the makeup though and will keep the lighter shade for winter.Extremely light weight while still being full coverage. It doesn't cling to dry patches and lasts all day. With so many shades it's easy to find the perfect one. Couldn't ask for anything more in a foundation.This is my new go to foundation! I am very pale, and have always had trouble finding foundation light enough for my skin, but with Ultra HD Generation, they have a shade that perfectly matches my skin tone! It also provides amazing buildable coverage, so I can cover what needs covered, while allowing my skin to shine through! It feels great on my skin, it is lightweight, airy, and oil free. The perfect foundation!I love this foundation! It is very easy to apply and smooth on. It looks super natural, which is really important for me when picking out foundation. A little goes a long way so it will last for a long time! The texture is more watery which I prefer because it allows for easy application and help me to not look cakey. The foundation is definitely buildable so you can wear a small amount during the day but you can definitely add more for a night out.LOVE this foundation. It provides medium coverage, but definitely not cakey. It feels light on the skin and lasts all day. I didn't even have to touch up throughout the day, but I did use a primer underneath. All in all, this is a great long-lasting foundation. It almost feels like you don't have any makeup on!I have oily skin and apply this with my beauty blender for a nice medium coverage. It feels light weight on the skin and doesn't look as heavy as the make up forever stick foundation. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because it breaks up around my mouth as it wears and tends to look a little heavy. I received #UltraHDGeneration as a free sample for testing purposes. This does not influence my review of the product.Okay so, I really wanted to love this foundation because of the constant amazing reviews but.. It is truly horrible. I had to use 3 pumps to cover my face and I still looked horrible. it is very cakey and looks terrible on the skin. Save yourself the money.I can never love this brand. It is ok as an alternative, but not the best for my skin. It made me oily even though I applied setting powder numerous times. The color was not a great match either. I got this from Influenster for free and I will never purchase it for myself.One of the best foundations I've ever used. Creamy, light, weightless, beautiful finish, everything you want in a foundation is what this product is. It has the perfect finish for me; dewy but not oily. I have very oily skin but this makes me look matte and dewy at the same time! I love it. The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because of the slight lack of coverage, but I don't really need that extra coverage anyways. Amazing product overall. I did receive this for free but, I will keep buying it and would have bought it for myself anyways.I like I only need a little product to cover my whole face. The foundation also feels really nice on my skin and feels like it's not even there.This foundation is amazing. It leaves my skin feeling moisturized without making it look oily. Adding translucent powder after applying makes it look PERFECT!Love this foundation! Buildable coverage medium to full coverage. Stays in place all day and makes my skin look even and covers well.I love using Make Up Forever HD for all of my on-camera work, it makes my skin completely flawless. The fact that it is buildable is very useful and helpful. That aspect of it helps pre-camera work to the actual work. I also love the new formula, much better than it was in the past.I had been wanting to try this foundation after receiving many recommendations from family and friends, so when I received it is a free sample, I was ecstatic. I pair it with the Ultra HD concelear stick, and I apply both with my beauty belnder. Love the coverage on both, although I do need to build a little more when it comes to problem areas. Gives a fresh airbrushed look.I have wanted to try this foundation for quite some time and finally got the chance thanks to Influenster! For reference I usually use Kat Von D Lock-it foundation or Marc Jacobs remarcable. Both of those foundations are very full coverage and what I like. MUFE Ultra HD is a nice feeling foundation. It applies well and is a solid medium coverage foundation. It is buildable so it can become full coverage with a little extra. I found it was best to pair this with the Ultra HD Foundation Stick for the complete high definition, airbrushed look. The lasting power is great and I could see myself buying more colors for my kit for clients as it's nice and buildable without feeling or looking cakey. Overall it's a nice foundation for the price and seems as if a bottle will last quite a while. I do personally prefer a more full coverage straight out of the bottle, but building it is not hard.I always have such a hard time finding a good foundation, liquid and a stick! This doesn't make me break out or anything. I don't feel like it's caked on my face or anything which I love! Thank you Influenster and Make Up Forever for letting me try this. It will definitely be apart of my make up routine for now on!I received this product complimentary for testing purposes (thanks Influenster and Make Up For Ever)! I usually don't wear foundation on a daily basis, for fear of looking too "made-up" and clogging my pores. However, when I received this product to try...I fell in love! I can apply 3 drops onto my foundation brush and blend and buff to a somewhat sheer, yet even coverage that I've been searching for! I like to see some of my "imperfections" so I look more natural. When more coverage is desired, it's easily buildable without looking cakey or flakey. Will definitely be recommending to my friends and buying again. Thanks!!I loved the original MUFE HD foundation, but unfortunately this version doesn't work as well for me. I find that it settles into my pores and doesn't look as natural as I prefer. The color (117 = Y225) is great for me, and I do love the new stick foundation, but this one unfortunately isn't great for my skin.I recieved this product free from influenster and make up for ever for reviewing purposes. This is a medium to full coverage foundation and has a satin finish. I absolutely love it. My experience when I used it for the first time: I have combo dry to oily skin and this foundation held for a good 4 hours before my natural oils started to peek through. Mind you I was out in the sun during that time. Then I went ahead and added just a little more powder and we were good to go. I wore it for a total of 10 hours and only touched up twice. It held up nicely. I use this foundation everyday now it quickly became a staple in my makeup routine.I've tried this product before and after the reformation of it. The plus about the new formula is that I have noticed it stays on a lot better now than before. It's a good medium coverage but easily buildable. I have been applying with the Sephora foundation brush and notice a streak free look. I have yet to try it with the beauty blender. I would recommend this foundation for normally to mildly oily skin. this foundation is great for a nice everyday medium coverage look !i don't love a lot of coverage from my foundation, and i was kind of afraid of this product because most people wearing it pack it on to be full coverage. but i find that this has perfect buildable coverage; i apply it with a beauty blender, and i use about a pump to a pump and a half, and it covers everything i want it to without looking like a mask. in areas i need a bit more coverage, i add another layer and it builds up really well. i also have dry skin and it doesn't make my skin look really gross.I really think this is a beautiful foundation. It's pretty full coverage which is what I like but doesn't look cakey whatsoever. It looks so beautiful and radiant on my skin! The formula is extremely thick so it is very pigmented so a little goes a very long way! I just wish for the price that the bottle was a little more luxurious since its only plastic. But other than that I love it and it does look very good in pictures.I have normal skin, and I have little acne and pimples. This foundation covers everything up without looking cakey or fake! This is very good foundation for those who want a more natural and "no makeup" look. I would definitely recommend it!!At first I didn't like this foundation but the more i wore it and pairing it with different primers helped it's not full coverage so i have to build but it looks super flawless which i love it makes me a little oilu so i have to use a mattifying primer and powderReceived this complimentary of Influenster! I love love this foundation, it has become one of my go to foundations. If you are looking for a natural skin like finish, but better, this is it!! it gives a velvety smooth look and feel. The color range is so wide you can find a shade for anyone, I have recommended so many people this foundation and everyone of them have been able to find a shade in this range.heard so many reviews about this foundation but wasn't the bet for me. it left my skin dry patches and it was light coverageI wanted to like this foundation. I would recommend it for someone without problem or acne prone skin but unfortunately I have combination to oily skin and I have breakouts if I use the wrong products. It was full coverage and a lovely formula but made me breakout very bad. Also, after 5 hours most of the foundation had slid off and I looked red and patchy.Love it! Blends smoothly and feels light.The finish of this foundation is probably the most natural I have ever worn! That being said, I truly prefer a heavier coverage foundation. I'm still impressed with the coverage for such a "no makeup" appearance, but I vastly prefer the Ultra HD stick foundation. I received this product free for testing purposes in exchange for my honest opinion.Love this foundation! It goes on smooth and blends very well. I have had no issues with this foundation looking 'cakey' as some other reviews have stated. I have combination/oily skin and this kept me matte all day! I will definitely be purchasing this once I run out. I received this foundation in exchange for an honest review. All opinions are my own.I received this as a sample to try. The formula is lightweight and buildable. However, the shade I received is way to orange/dark for my current skin tone. I would recommend this product, only with a different shade for me ☺️I received this foundation for free to try and I have very sensitive skin. I break out easily and I must say this foundation lasted all night and was amazing even after the night ended. It is very light and easy to take off. Since I tend to break out easily I was a little bit skeptical trying but I finally found a foundation that I don't break out from! It's very light on the skin and has medium coverage. So happy! You all must try it for yourselves especially if you have sensitive skin like me!I absolutely love this foundation. It looks so natural yet gives a flawless finish. It works great for everyday or special events where I know I will be taking pictures. I have normal/dry skin and this foundation is perfect for me. On top of it, I find that it works great with a variety of primers!I love this foundation. It goes on smoothly and blends well. It also has foo staying power. It looks natural and covers my imperfections. I love it.I know people write reviews saying this foundation is "cakey" but it absolutely is not. It is a flawless finish, full coverage foundation perfect for oily skin, it keeps me matte and lasts all day without having to touch up my makeup. It does not crease in my smile line like other foundations, and it covers all of my blemishes with just a small amount of product. I always try a new foundation every time I run out of this one just for fun, but ALWAYS end up coming back to this one. Holy grail.I actually really like this foundation. It gives such a natural look to the skin. Extremely light weight and it's light to medium coverage. Really enjoy it for everyday.Am happy that I was able to try this foundation it actually give you a flawless finish look, very lightweight texture feels like you have nothing on but you do. Covers all your imperfection leaving your skin looking flawless. Love this product! totally recommended you won't be disappointed.I thought the coverage was a bit too light for my taste. Also, I have only had this about a month and the pump doesn't dispense very much foundation. There is no way it can be empty, I don't even use it every day. I was so disappointed, I thought this would be much better than it turned out to be.At first when I was a the store looking at the foundation from MUFE there is tons of colors in the shade range.. Any skin tone can find there perfect shade with yellow tones and red tones. Probably the biggest shade range I have ever seen from a makeup company. my only thing was a overwhelming experience was finding my perfect shade.I had a girl from Sephora help me find my color witch helped me a lot. 
 Applying; I tried it a few different ways, the first way I did it was putting it on a spot and squirting it out then using a damp beauty blender... that way I felt like I used to many pumps that way I was using about 7 pumps to cover my face and I have pretty normal skin with a few spots of redness and a few acne scars. I found it kind of ridiculous doing it that way so I applied it to a foundation brush and I brushed it on my skin then used a beauty blender I absolutely loved this way and I used about significantly less about 1-2pumps. 
 Primer; I have pretty normal skin. I like to use benefits porefessional with it, I've tried it without primer and the foundation didn't last as long about 5-6 hours without primer, but with primer it worked 12, but that's as long as I wore it for I could have wore it longer and it would look exactly the same as I put it on.
 On my skin it was really light weight, it doesn't feel like I'm wearing anything else and I love it. The coverage is amazing I'm pretty sure it has helped me from getting any breakouts. I'm pretty sure I will be buying this as my only foundation now after I finish my others 
 All these opinions are my own, I did revive this product to test out thank you MUFEI really wasn't expecting to ditch my foundation I was using before I received Make Up For Ever's Ultra HD Invisible Cover Foundation - but I did. It's not in any way shape or form 'cakey' or blotchy (I'm also using Sephora's Beauty Blender) and I must say, I will be purchasing another bottle when this one runs dry!The color I got is a little to light for me (that's my fault) so I use it as my under eye concealer/foundation. I absolutely love how much light it brings to my face. It doesnt crease up. It's feels light on my face and covers up my hipper pigmentation. I can't wait to go to the store and get my correcrThis foundation feels very light - I was afraid it wasn't going to give me enough coverage at first because it is so lightweight, but it's incredibly buildable and still leaves you with a dewy, natural finish! 
 I use about 3 to 4 pumps depending on my coverage needs. I apply it with a beauty blender. Be sure to use a compatible primer to avoid your makeup oxidizing. I made the mistake of using the wrong primer one time and it was not pretty, but I have combination skin and have to be very careful. 
 I picked Y205 - Alabaster. I will say that the swatches on the website look darker than swatching it in person. I would recommend going into the store and picking your shade with the tester rather than ordering online only.ALWAYS loved this foundation even before MAKE UP FOR EVER reformulated it. i have oily skin, but this one keeps my face the perfect inbetween dewy and matteI absolutely love this foundation especially the cream more than the stick. It helps keep my face skin moistenEd aND a natural glow.I received this box for testing purposes from influenster :) I was so excited to see this in the mail. I've always wanted to try it and I am now a forever fan. It's so lightweight and looks airbrushed on the skin. I use it with a beauty blender. I prefer it by itself then mixing it with other foundations (I'm a mixer)... I am tan now so I need to go get a darker shade :) it's so lovely and has a good wear time on it.This foundation is good, I don't give it 5 stars because it left me wanting more, but it does work fine. After all the hype I hoped this would be magic - I know, not realistic lol. I have a very oily T zone and foundations get shiny really fast on me. I applied this with my ELF powder brush, the coverage was medium-high. Not heavy at all. The color match is PERFECT, first time I find a color like that. It's very blendable and I didn't noticed any scent. Definitely buildable. I prefer it for the day to day life, every day use. My only problem was that it got oily on my skin, like all foundations do on me, but for the price and all the hype I was hoping it didn't. I was expecting this to be my lost ride or die. But I will use it and I will probably buy this in the future. If you like the natural look (but decent coverage, this is for you). If you're oily or combo, like me, try baking.I love it!! I got this with my Influenster box to try and can't thank them enough. I was really looking for a new foundation and this just came in the right moment, with a thin cover and long last duration, I can say I'm in love!!I have been obsessed with this foundation! The coverage is amazing, foundation goes on very even. It doesn't feel heavy at all, lasts all day, very buildable. All around another amazing product from Make Up Forever! I received this liquid and stick foundation as a free sample from Influenster and couldn't be happier!!I received this as a free sample from Influenster for me to use and review the product. I think that this line has a great shade range to suite all skin tones and undertones. I think this would be perfect for pictures and occasions when you didn't need long lasting foundation. It looks natural when you first apply it. I really like how this looks when I apply it with a damp beauty sponge, but after a while it starts to settle into the lines on my face. However, this does happen to me with most of my foundations, so maybe its just my weird skin? I didn't like how this applied with a brush, which is what I usually use, it looked very streaky. Overall, its a decent foundation, but I wish it was more long wearing.I love this product !! It great for dry to oil combination skin! It's very dewy but once it's on it gives a great coverage! Never used make up forever brand before but now I LOVE IT !!!I tried to make myself like this, but I give up. It looks nice when you first apply it and that's it. It clings to my dry patches so bad, and separates like crazy after only a couple of hours of wearing it. At least the shade range is nice.It's really nice, it comes in a pretty nice size packages. The product itself is really smooth and has a great texture with the skin, it has a good coverage.
 I have just tried it for the day, tomorrow I have an event so i will try it to see how it works.
 Thank you Make Up For Ever for the Ultra HD Foundation sampleI'm a long time fan of this foundation and even used it before the reformulation. This is one of my favorite liquid foundations for my dry/combination skin. There are a ton of shades available so it's easy to find one that will suit me for every season. I get a flawless complexion when I wear this and apply it with a Beauty Blender. I love that the coverage is buildable. I can wear it on an every day basis or it's also great when I need to get pictures taken. I recently wore it for family pictures for a flawless complexion and it was perfect!this foundation gives the most beautiful finish while still looking like skin! I use this with my damp beauty blender and it looks gorgeous on the skin! It has an amazing range of colors AND you don't need to use much product to get a flawless face!I love this foundation I used it in combination with the ultra HD forever stick! This in combination with one an other made it feel like nothing was on my face! It also did not make my face oily like normal foundations do!I'm a huge fan of this foundation. I've tried EVERYTHING.... And this is one I would most buy! I received it from influenster and I've quickly become a fan! It's totally buildable and doesn't rub off when I'm applying the rest of my products! It last all day too!This foundation goes on so smoothly and the coverage lasts all day. The bottle is a little deceiving in regards to the color so make sure you try it in the store before purchasing- just to ensure you're getting the right shade. I absolutely love this foundation & the Ultra HD foundation stick as well; both awesome products!This foundation feels like nothing on my skin. The package took a little time to get here but after it got here I couldn't have been happier with the results of this foundation or of the stick foundationThey were right when they named this Ultra HD - it really does a good job of hiding skin imperfections and blurring the skin (I have freckles - they were still slightly visible but not as clear). I also have dry skin and was pleased to find this felt moisturizing on my face all day (I applied over my usual moisturizer - it felt good and also lasted all day). The consistency was maybe a little waterier than other liquid foundations I've used, but that made it easy to apply.
 So why 4 stars? I feel like while it blurs skin imperfections, it did slightly settle into my lines below my eyes (although this was easy to address with a little more blending) and it emphasized dry skin patches. So if your skin is not dry/patchy, and you don't have a lot of lines under your eyes, go for it! I still like it for the nice moisturizing, non-disappearing finish and will continue to use it.I tried this foundation 3 years ago and it made me break out like crazy. But, I was sent this product to try and skin does change! So I gave it another try. Glad I did because it matches my skin flawlessly and hasn't made me break out!! Makeup forevers variety of foundation shares are unbeatable. Love this foundation and glad I can add it to my collectionThis is a good foundation. Lightweight with bios able coverage. However it was not match for Floridas humidity, after several hours, my skin was oily and shiny. It is a good base, just needs to be worn with powder. 
 I received this product at a discount, In exchange for my honest review. The opinions expressed above are my own and honest.I have tried many liquid foundations and am a fan of full coverage, as I mostly use it for performances with my band. However, I work in the corporate world from 9-5 and needed something that was build-able and long-wearing for the day time. After testing out a few foundations, THIS has been my daily go-to. It can be mixed with moisturizer for an extremely light wear, or built up for medium to full coverage if needed. I have oily skin and this gives me a natural glow without being greasy.Unlike many other liquid foundations I LOVED this one. It was absolutely amazing! The coverage was not as much as I prefer, but I built it up and it covered so well without looking cake-y. I did need to set it with loose powder because my face gets a bit oily, but it lasts all day from 8am until 12am! I would definitely purchase this again.I really wanted to love this product. I gave it SO many chances applying it with different beauty tools, primers and even different mositurizers. It just doesn't love my skin it makes my oily skin appear dry in certain areas. It does give good build able coverage but it just doesn't love my skin.. I'm gong to use the rest of it because it was sent to me and I can't give up that easily.... but I just don't know what else to do to make it work for me. Ive worn it every day since receiving it and it just doesn't love my skin. I don't feel like I look flawless on camera either... :(This foundation was absolutely lovely and complemented my skin perfectly. It truly gave me the look I wanted to achieve!I love this foundation. whether I have lots to cover or I just need a smooth base, this Is my go to! great shade options, im very impressed. definitely recommend to anyone who needs a buildable coverage foundationI really love this foundation! It was very easy to work with. It applied and blended beautifully with my BeautyBlender. It's a nice medium coverage that builds up pretty easily. It's lightweight and is a surprisingly comfortable wear. I also appreciated how natural looking it was. Only problem is it didn't play nice with my very sensitive skin. I've never really had a bad reaction to a foundation before, but this really irritated my skin. My cheeks especially. I think it's definitely worth giving a try, but maybe do a patch test if you also have sensitive skin. It's too bad because this foundation really is pretty great!Given that this is Sephora's top rated foundation, I was super excited to test this foundation out since I've read all the reviews about it. At first I wanted to try it without applying anything onto my face, just to see how it would look, and it became cakey and flakey. Total disaster. I was definitely concern and worried it was going to waste. 
 However my next attempt was much better. I recommend moisturizing your face if its dry like mine then applying a foundation primer. It didn't give me a full coverage even after building up but if you're looking for a medium coverage then this works. Also I love that MUFE has such a huge color range for all skin tone and not just 10 shades or less. The color I got was Y375 - Golden Sand and it matches perfectly with my NC25/NC30 skin tone. It can be applied with a stipple brush, foundation brush, beauty blender, etc. which makes it easy to use too.
 Overall, I love this foundation, however it isn't my number 1.I got a great shade match and coverage was excellent (build able medium to full coverage). It made me oily during the day tho :( that's the only downside. I'm gonna switch up my powders and see if that helps. Thank you to Influenster and Make Up Forever for sending me this product free to test and reviewI received this product free from Influenster for reviewing. There are a lot of different reviews on this product, so I really wasn't sure what to expect. I applied an average amount of foundation to my face, but I didn't get as much coverage as I like. It wasn't streaky or greasy, but I definitely wouldn't recommend this to someone with oily skin.I love this! It doesn't feel heavy on the skin and has good coverage that is buildable. I don't feel like I have to set it and it doesn't transfer when you touch your face.This foundation has always been a staple in my beauty routine!!! It gives the perfect coverage and makes my skin look flawless in photos!!!!I was really hoping this would be as good as the reviews,for me it didn't do what I wanted! I am so disappointed! It WILL be returned ASAP! The color is good, I liked that it matched my skin color perfectly, but it IS SO DRY and flaking off my skin! around my nose and crows feet! its BAD!! I DO NOT recommend this for dry skin!After skipping around to multiple types of foundation, I finally found one that is blendable with good buildable coverage! I combine this with the Make Up Forever mattifying concealer and their loose setting powder and I have a foundation that lasts all day!Previously, I used Kat Von D foundation with a blender sponge because I really loved the coverage. I didn't love how heavy it felt, but thought that it came with the territory of needing the coverage. So not true.
 This foundation is amazing. It's incredibly lightweight, and easy to blend with either your sponge or your fingers. It gives a flawless coverage while still looking like your skin. Even better, it lasts for hours without getting oily or wearing off. It's even better with Makeup Forever Primer.I love Make Up Forever products & have been using them for years. I typically wear MakeUp Forever's Mat Velvet foundation, but gave the Ultra HD a try. Both of them are free lightweight and have great coverage that lasts all day - but I like the finish of the Mat Velvet more than the Ultra HD. The Ultra HD seems to have more of a "pasty" finish - especially if my skin is dry compared to the Mat Velvet. This is a great brand, but I will stick with the Mat Velvet over the Ultra HD.I recieved this foundation from influenster to review and I've tried it for like two weeks and so far I'm in love with the foundation. It feels like you have nothing on your skin and it lasts pretty much all day. This was a foundation I was going to buy but I'm so glad i tried it and totally will be purchasing it once I run out of itLove love love this foundation! It goes on like a dream and sets to the perfect finish! Longevity isn't quite what I wish it was but other than that it's awesome!I have searched years and years to find the perfect foundation shade to match my fair skin, and I can finally say my search is over. This is the foundation of my dreams and I will never stop purchasing. I have a lot of hormonal acne, hyper pigmentation, and scarring and this foundation makes me look like my skin is flawless. I use a beauty blender to apply and start with very little, so I can build it up to the coverage of my liking. It does not leave me oily like so many other foundations and the finish is a perfect demo-matte that looks so natural. I highly recommend everyone to go to your local Sephora and get color matched there, you will not be disappointed.This foundation, omg, let me tell you. It is amazing!! It is full coverage, and highly pigmented. So girl if you need to cover that pimple, this foundation got you!! I wore it all day and never came off. Highly reccomd this foundation to anyone that wants full coverage and something very light weight on the face!I have really oil skin with acne that like to eat up foundation. This one had a natural finish and it doesn't disappear. The only reason its not getting 5 stars is because the coverage no matter how much I build it up will never pass a medium.Absolutely love the new Ultra HD Foundation! It gives great coverage while still looking natural. It works well for all skin types including oily. I find that it looks best when applied with a damp beauty blender. Thank you Influenster for sending me this product for reviewing purposes!okay, so I've used this one a lot (used to be my go-to).. I love the coverage and it matches my skin tone spot on. But now that influenster gave me some of that stick foundation, I'm moving on!This foundation is great for when want to look flawless. It's full coverage and perfect for events and photos. Just be sure to wear SPF underneath if you'll be outside.I received this as well as the HD stick foundation for free from Influenster, that being said I've always been iffy about the makeup forever foundations but after a formula change these are amazing on my oily skin! I have gotten more complements on my makeup in the two weeks I've been wearing it than I ever have! I notice I do have to set it otherwise I do get very oily but as long as I use a good powder I'm good all day!!!This foundation looks so smooth and beautiful on the skin. I find this photographs the best owing to its formulation. Wears all day and looks greatThis foundation has such a gorgeous finish! On me it finishes semi-matte and has a gorgeous medium to full coverage satin finish. I notice that this doesn't cling to my dry patches and has such a pleasant thin consistency that goes a long way.I'm pretty pleased with the makeup forever HD foundation. Definitely buildable and doesn't leave my face feeling cakey, or Dewey. I've only tried once so far so right now I can't find any negatives about this product other than it's a little on the pricey side.Yes! Finally I have found my foundation. Ultra HD Invisible Cover Foundation has everything that I was looking for in a foundation. buildable coverage, smooth natural finish, non- drying, doesn't get cakey at all, I can't say much about how it works on oily skin but for a combination or normal to dry skin - this foundation works wonders. I applied it with my bare hands, just to give it a tough test and I was impressed to see that it really did well on my skin. Yet, I would suggest using a makeup brush for best application. Also beauty blender/make up sponge works great for building coverage. All in all, Ultra HD Invisible Cover Foundation definitely does what it claims to do.I received this product for free to test out and I love it. The coverage feels lightweight on my face buggin es me coverage. I love that it has a pump. That's my favorite type of foundation bottles. Overall I'm happy with the product's covergae, consistency and packaging.I received this foundation as part of my influenster VoxBox for complementary testing purposes. The next day after receiving this foundation I decides to give it a try. I applied the foundation without a primer since I wanted to try the foundation for itself. I applied it using a beautyblender. I did notice that the foundation itself does not give you a full coverage and i did have to use several pumps to get close to the coverage I was looking for. The coverage is light to medium with a satin finish. Overall is a good foundation is your going for a natural look.I received this product free from influenster for testing purposes. The foundation was too dark for me, but that is probably my fault. I tried it anyway and I liked the coverage and texture. I would buy it in my shade.I have tried this foundation in the past and i really love the finish of it ,a flawless looking skin i would say but unfortunately it broke me out badly and i had to return them,when influenster send me this again i was hesitant but gave it a try to see it would work this round yet it didn't not work started getting red bumps on my skin.wish it worked as i really love its finish ;(I love this foundation. It is a thicker consistency than I normally prefer, but it doesn't go on like thicker liquids normally do. The foundation doesn't have a weird or unpleasant smell which I like. I have been using it and it doesn't make me break out. Only downfall is that it doesn't keep me from getting oily.I received this product for free for testing purposes and review. All opinions are my own! I really like this foundation. I do have to work with it a bit for my personal preference but it is good! I have very dry skin so I mix a few drops of my beauty oil (Josie Maran lite Argan oil) on the back of my hand with a pump or two of the foundation and apply with a damp beauty blender or dense flat head kabuki brush. I find I do have to build up the coverage but it can get a little cakey if I'm not careful (which is why I mix in the oil). This foundation looks great in photos and is a great base for the rest of my makeup. It is not quite as long lasting as I would like but looks so great on the skin I don't really mind. I have used both without the beauty oil mixed in and with the oil and I prefer it with the oil mixed in. It blends a bit better and lays nicer on my dry skin. I think this foundation is a bit pricey but it is an innovative product and I really enjoy it! It is definitely my go to foundation for photos, an event, a night out, etc!I was really excited to receive this foundation in my Voxbox I was mailed from Influester (sent complementary for testing purposes) because I have seen so many wonderful reviews about it. The packaging is really nice and I love that it has the pump on the top. However, I found it to be very thin even after trying to build (I applied with a beauty blender) and even though it looked decent after I set it with powder, my face was a shiny mess 3 hours later. I am almost positive this product would be great for someone with dry skin but for me personally I found out it does not work well for those these seem to get oily pretty quick.I was sent this foundation by influenster, and i immediately fell in love. I have super dry skin but it didn't cling to my dry patches at all. Medium coverage, easily buildable to full coverage. Flawless finish and perfect for photos! I used a primer, and it lasted ALL DAY long. Definitely in my top 3 favorites now!I have dry skin and this foundation wears beautifully. It doesn't settle into fine lines or cling to drier patches. This is medium coverage, but is build-able. It's more a matte finish but can be more radiant with primers and highlight. I had been eyeing this foundation for a while and then received this for review from make up forever and influenster. Definitely plan on repurchasing this!I recieved this product from influenster to test and I like it but I don't love it. The only reason I'm not in love with this is because it's not full coverage , if you don't use concealer then you can kind of see through itI am very happy with this foundation, which is perfect for me. It has an average coverage, but you can work with layers and I love its texture. His warm tone is wonderful for my skin, which was a great choice. I apply it with a sponge and perfectly melts into the skin. In fact, this foundation leaves the skin beautiful, natural-looking and full of light. The smell is pleasant, and makeup lasts me all day. In short, highly recommended.This foundation has a great, smooth finish and I would say the coverage is between medium to heavy. It sits on your skin well & the wear lasts all day. My only complaint would be that the product itself is a little runny - making it a little harder to apply and causing me to use more product than I would normally need. would recommend to someone wanting an noce airbrushed finish.This foundation goes on really light at first and has slightly yellow undertones, but it is soooo easy to build coverage. I'm going through a very dry stage with my skin so it's absolutely perfect for the coverage I need and even adds a touch of moisture to it. I wouldn't want to use this if my skin was oily or I knew I would be sweating cause it does get a little oily throughout the day, but I'm very impressed with the wear and how long I can trust it to stay in place for! I usually apply my foundations with a beauty blender, but this one works really well with a round brush. I'm going to head to Sephora tomorrow to get more tips on other products that would go great with this foundation (maybe a setting powder). I also LOVE the stick foundation version of this. I'm very happy with this Make Up For Ever #UltraHDGeneration snag!Wow! I recieved this product via Influenster and Make Up Forever along with the coordinating stick foundation, this has become my ride or die foundation. I enjoy the medium coverage and the quality of the foundation. It covers nicely, does not settle into my fine lines and it has amazing staying power. I wore this foundation to Epcot last weekend and it looked pretty good at the end of the day! It was muggy and hot and I expected it to be gone but it stayed and looked good! I could not recommend this product enough!This HD foundation is super lightweight and glides on easy. You literally need only a few drops to cover up your entire face. The coverage is medium but buildable, however, since it's water based it probably is not good for heavily blemished skin. The wear time is about six hours and it does not cake. You also need primer and setting spray to keep it in place. I am surprised that the Y205 Alabaster is perfect for FAIR skin with it's light yellow base and NO RED/BEIGE pigments. It's a great match foe my skin-tone.This is my every day foundation! I have been using this foundation for 2 years now and I love it. A little goes a long way, the bottle usually last me a year. I have very dry skin and this has never given me a issue. This foundation has a medium to full coverage and is very buildable. Its very lightweight on the face so you won't feel cakey what so ever. It also looks great in flash photo's./selfies. I highly recommend this!I've heard so many youtubers and beauty gurus talk about this foundation, so I had high hopes for it. I like that they have a large range of shades, because I don't have to mix 2 together to get the perfect shade. I have hyper pigmentation and I didn't feel like it really covered any of that. I thought it was going to be more full coverage based on what I had heard about it. I liked the finish of it... seemed very natural. I have acne prone skin, and this didn't seem to irritate or anything.I'm not an avid makeup wearer. I honestly only wear foundations on special occasions so most of the time I'm bare faced. I have tried tons of other foundations brands, most of which were high end, but as a brown girl its HARD to find a match. I also tend to get oily/shiny by the end of the day, but neither of the aforementioned issues occurred with the Ultra HD Invisible Cover Foundation. I applied the products with a Sephora airbrush foundation brush and my face stayed matte all day, didn't need to reapply, and the color was near spot on. This was my first time trying a MUFE product so I was pleasantly surprised at the formula and its ability to look as "skin like" as it did. Bravo, MUFE.I've thoroughly enjoyed this foundation that I got in my Influenster box! It's lightweight and I can't even tell I'm wearing it. The only downside is that it does dry my face out a little bit. However, I make sure to put a moisturizer on post showering and prior to applying and that seems to have helped!I LOVE IT! the shade I have is perfect I just wish it was fuller coverage! Other than that love it!This foundation makes my skin look so flawless! It's pretty light coverage, but it's buildable if you want fuller coverage. I have combination/oily skin, so I tend to have to use oil blotting sheets after having this on for a few hours. Despite this, I still love the look.I use this foundation during the day time for work mostly and I absolutely love it. It doesn't look cakey or feel to heavy and it doesn't dry out my face. As I have dry skin, I used to have to deal with peeling with some of my other foundations after the course of the day, but have never experienced that with this foundation. I like full coverage foundation and I would consider it just that. I use the Giorgio Armani Luminous Silk Foundation at night (as per the rec of Kim K) which I ADORE and this plays a close second for my foundation favs. The only reason for four stars instead of 5 is that sometimes it can look A TAD yellowy against my pink undertones, but that's nothing that can't be fixed without a little bit of powder and some blush. Overall, I would definitely purchase again and would recommend to a friend. in three words, buildable long lasting and flawless.I am really enjoying this foundation. It works well for my combination skin. I apply it with a beauty blender and it has a really nice finish on the skin. I would say it has a medium coverage but is buildable. I highly recommend!If you are looking for something lightweight that still provides full coverage, this foundation is a must. The texture is super lightweight (I would say thinner than most serums) and blends beautifully with anything you layer on top of it. It provides full coverage, yet doesn't feel like you piling a whole lot of product on your face like full coverage foundations do. I really like that it drys quickly and and stays put. I live in a hot climate, and sometimes it feels like the makeup is melting off my face. This doesn't, and it doesn't come off on hands or sunglasses during the day. It is also perfect for people who are contouring or color correcting, because you can paint it over the top of the other products without aggressive blending.I received this foundation as well as the stick version for free to try by Influenster. I was skeptical at first with both of them since I do have extremely oily skin and most foundations don't agree with me. After about 5 hours of wear, my foundation is still on point and my face didn't get extra oily from it. After about 8 more hours (so 13 hours total) and running errands all day, it still looked good!! No weird patches from my skin being oily throughout the day or even streakiness. This foundation also felt very lightweight and looked like my real skin. There were a couple people that didn't even notice that I was in fact wearing foundation. It is also very full coverage for me and hid discolorations on my skin as well as my pores. All in all, I really do like both this foundation and the stick one. My only problem with it is that it didn't prevent oiliness from coming to the surface, but this foundation was never meant for us oily skin girls. And even some that are meant for oily skin still doesn't prevent it from happening. I'm still very happy with it :) I would very much recommend this for everyone, no matter the skin type.I owned the original formula first and i didnt love it like i thought i was and i heard reviews about this new formula and that they loved the older formula better so i didnt expect to love this one. BUT this formula blew me away! I received this as a free sample from Influenster not excited at first. For this formula to be thin it covers extremely well! it looks like second skin with full coverage. i am very impressed.I have to say i am a foundation junkie i have many i used in my life so far this has been in my top favorite foundations. I love the coverage it gives it looks very natural on the skin you can build it up without looking caking or even look like you have foundation on at all. This foundation covers any imperfections you may have and it doesnt show through either. I love the shade rang they have from very fair to Dark skintones i think if you have trouble finding your shade in other brands you for sure will be able to find yours here.I think this foundation looks amazing in camera and in pictures i dont find it to have a white/grey undertone that some others sometimes have. This wears on my skin for over 12 hours without even the littlest rub off. Everytime i wear this foundation i get so many compliments on my skin and personally no one has ever thought it was foundation! I love this foundation and will forever be repurchasing long as they sell it . I use this with and somtimes without a primer works great both ways i also use my artis brush and i find you save alot of product that way a little goes a very very long way.I received this foundation for reviewing purposes thanks to influenster! I am obsessed. It lasts all day on the skin, and feels just like skin. It's like plastic fantastic in a bottle or tube if you're using the stick version. As a person who takes a lot of professional pictures I love the fact this foundation keeps your face looking flawless under a lot of lights. Hands down one of the best foundations on the market right now.I've been on the hunt for a great foundation that photographs well and actually looks natural - this is it! I don't like to wear heavy makeup in general, this one is very buildable. But, it looks great if I need to layer on as well for a day of photos or special events. I have combination skin and it works well in my dry and oily areas!! Definitely try this one out!!Received this product as a part of a free sample box, and was super excited to try. The foundation is really light weight but covers evenly. I have some freckles and discoloration on my cheeks, and this provides a great, even foundation. Will definitely be buying again.I love how this foundation goes on smoothly. It has great coverage and feels light on my face. Definitely medium to full coverage without feeling caked on. The shade blended well with my skin tone evenly. I look just as fresh at the end of the day as I did when I applied it on. This foundation is definitely worth the money. I highly recommend.I have received this product as a free sample for Influenster..The texture was nice and smooth, it was full coverage I would say, and covered up and blemishes pretty well. I have a medium shade, since I do tan. I wear it everyday, and I also was given the stick version as a free sample as well. I cant decide which one I like better, because they both do an awesome job of making my face look more flawless.Call me crazy, but I've never worn liquid foundation before! 32 years old and this was totally new to me. I received the product as a sample for testing purposes so I gave it a try. I'm not totally in love with it, but it covered well... maybe TOO well. My face seemed very "made up" - So if you're going for a full face of heavy coverage, this is your jam. If you're going for light coverage, just to smooth over light imperfections on your perfect face, then this is probably not for you.This foundation is nice and light and still gives good coverage. I received a color too dark for me but it blends so well you almost didn't notice it was too dark.I love this foundation! It has such a beautiful finish, semi matte which I love since I have oily skin. Build able coverage is also amazing! It does need to be touched up after a few hours but this foundation has found a home in my daily routine.I received this foundation from Influenster to test and review. I am so lucky and happy I was chosen! This foundation has quickly become my FAVORITE! It is lightweight, buildable, comfortable and looks so amazing on my skin! It is medium-full coverage, but looks like SKIN. This is one of the few foundations that holds up so well throughout the day on me. It doesn't break down, it keeps me matte, and makes me look flawless (but not fake). I absolutely love it!Such a beautiful finish! I used to frequently use the old formula and was afraid to try the new formulation but was pleasantly surprised! I have been really into dewy foundation but forgot how nice it is to have a semi matte finish and how flawless it makes your skin look. It gives medium to full coverage with a satin finish and only clings a little bit to dry patches so I made sure to moisturize and exfoliate the night before use. Great quality product.So disappointed in the new formula. The previous foundation was perfect, not sure why they changed it. 
 I have oily acne-prone skin that breaks out from most products. The prior formula gave me a natural, medium-coverage light feeling finish and a perfect color match. This new formula is greasy, streaky and breaks me out. I even tried it with the MUFE primers and it made no difference to how long it lasted. This separates on the skin within a couple hours. Worst foundation ever. I am so disappointed, the search for my holy grail foundation continues :(I am loving my Make Up For Ever Ultra HD Foundation. I applied it quickly with my fingers one day when I was in a hurry, with a foundation brush the next, and with a beauty blender the next. All three days, my coverage was flawless and lightweight. I would definitely recommend using the beauty blender though if you're planning on getting ready for the day and not just running out the door. The coverage is great; 2-3 pumps, covered my entire face and neck. I don't feel like I have on a mask of makeup, don't feel oily, and it lasts the majority of the day. Before going out again at night, I do have to touch up my makeup. My only concern is that my melasma (skin spots) pop out and are not covered after a full day of work. If you're unsure, get a sample at a Sephora near you! Enjoy!It comes out a little runny but it is such a beautiful coverage. I apply 1 1/2 puma to a damp beauty sponge and dot onto face. It gives the skin such a healthy look.I was pleasantly surprised with this foundation. I normally go for dewier foundations but wanted to give this a try because I like my other Make Up For Ever products. I like the more matte finish, and I really love that it doesn't have a heavy look to it, but it definitely provides really good, and buildable, coverage. I tend to get very red on my nose and chin, but this stayed all day and looked great. Really impressed!To me, this foundation is lovely, but it'd not a knockout. I've been using the Tarte amazonian clay foundation for about a year now and when this make-up forever product was given to me I was stoked to try it. I've falling in love with everything make up forever when I've used it so I was convinced this would replace my go-to foundation. While this foundation goes on smoothly, I find it doesn't last through an 8-hour work day for me. The foundation itself is super buildable if you want a full coverage look. All-in-all I like this product but it's not going to replace my go-to foundation. 
 Also, as someone with fair skin its really important to me to have SPF in my foundations to help fight sun damage.... I would have loved to see this product with some SPF in it.i have been using this product for two weeks i love using it. it has good coverage and it makes my face look flawless for the whole day. Wearing this all day did not make my face oily at all.The color is beautiful and coverage buildable, but it begins to get splotchy after a few hours (even when a setting spray is used). I prefer something more matte.I enjoy this foundation and I really like the finish it dries down to, it makes your skin look really flawless when you first apply it and for a few hours after. The only problem I have with this foundation is that at least for me it was not long wearing and for a price of $42 it just wouldn't be worth it for me to purchase again.This foundation is my new holy grail! It is buildable although a little goes a long way. Its texture is more watery than I am used to but the coverage is amazing. It also has a variety of shades! Mine matches me perfectly!I gave this a good two week run before reviewing and I have some pros and cons!!Pros:Skin but better finish! It's not necessarily matte but not super luminous. Medium, buildable coverage. SHADE RANGE!! I think anyone could find a matching tone for themselves! That's something that a LOT of brands are lacking and MUFE hits the mark!Long lasting, if you have the right skin and in the right conditions, which leads me to my con..
 Cons:Not great for oily skin; I have oily skin around my t-zone and I found after a few hours that it was separating like crazy! This was even used with a primer, a setting powder, and UD all nighter spray. Especially in the Alabama heat, if I went outside it melted right off.This product is amazing, I was sent the cream and liquid foundation and it goes on smoothly and it is so easy to build up without looking cakeyI have really enjoyed using this foundation! I found a great color match for me. It is very lightweight and I can barely tell I'm wearing foundation at all! It is extremely blendable and lasts all day for my normal skin.I've worn many liquid and mouse foundations over the years, and this is by far my favorite. It goes on easily with simple finger application or using a sponge, and gives all day no flashback medium coverage. Very happy with this foundation and would definitely recommend! Thanks for a great product!I was very excited to try this product out, as j haven't tried too many foundation. My skin is very dry and sensitive so it's difficult to find the perfect match for me all while finding a good shade because I'm so fair with pink undertones. This product went on well and after I applied and sat for a few minutes, j felt like I didn't even need to set my face. It wasn't an exact match for my skin tone. It was still a bit too yellow even though it's specifically for pink undertones. It stayed pretty well throughout the day. The coverage isn't full because my freckles definitely shone through but still good medium coverage. I might purchase if the great a better shade for my skin tone. Also, I applied with a beauty blender, the sheen was smooth and didn't catch on to my dry patches.I've used this foundation for years and when I saw that they came out with an "ultra hd" version, I didn't hesitate to try it out as well. The finish is so gorgeous and skinlike. It has a medium/full buildable coverage. This is my special occasion foundation because I know it will never fail me. It stays put and doesn't break up on my face. My holy grail foundation!!!I love the coverage of this foundation and how lightwear it feels. It does not feel as if you were wearing a bunch of makeup. Another thing that I like is that it is great for photography, it does not have flashback and it wears for a long time. However, I absolutely cannot stand the smell. It bothers me whenever I go through the process of applying it qnd thank God the smell goes away by the time you are done with your makeup. If you are bot picky about smells, then this is a great foundation for you, but if you are, then I would think twice before buying it :(!This is not, I repeat NOT for oily skin types. I really wanted to like the foundation because I have seen plenty of YouTubers raving about this. My face expired within 3 hours of wearing this with a mattifying primer and UD de-slick setting spray. I experienced separation and an insane amount of oil on my face is what gives this two stars. The only great feature is the many shades available for different skin tones.I have heard so many great things about this foundation so I decided to try. I have combo skin with a tendency to break out (and LOTS of red marks from acne as a teen). I felt like I needed to use a good bit of this to get coverage and it definitely needs to be used in conjunction with a concealer. Otherwise it's. ice and lightweight, and the coverage you build does last all day if set with powder. Also, the huge range of tones is amazing! I don't know if I'd purchase again but it may grow on me more the more I use it.Light to medium coverage and easy to blend. The actual liquid foundation was a bit runny when pumped, which worried me at first since I have oily skin. However, it lasted pretty long and I only needed to touch up once.
 Overall, a good foundation - even better is the range of shades that Make Up For Ever has to offer!I received this product complimentary through influenster for testing purposes. I'm not the type of person who usually wears foundation, but this is amazing! I used a primer underneath, the foundation is so light feeling on my skin but really covers the redness in my face and is buildable. It goes on smoothly and lasts all day. This was my first time trying mufe and I love it!As far as foundations go I usually seek out ones that have a little bit more of an opaque coverage. However this foundation feels so great on my skin and really evens out my skin tone that I have completely changed my views. I love the product and only needed a small portion to completely cover. If you are looking to cover more dramatic discoloring or spots, I would recommend layering with a good concealer or trying a different product.I got both of these complimentary from Influenster...I always love MUF products...I'd say the difference between the two is that the liquid is sheer and so if you want fuller coverage foundation then go get the stick...not advisable for hot humid places though..I will always love MUFE because of their shade range. This foundation of course matched my skin tone perfectly as I expected it would. I have oily to combination skin but with this foundation and a tiny bit of help from a good setting powder, I go through the day with no shine or even having to touch up. I would definitely say this foundation has a slight semi-matte finish that gives you a very natural look. Not to mention that it is HD, the appearance you have in pictures and videos is superb! In terms of coverage, it is very billable for those looking for full coverage as well without looking cakey. I would definitely recommend this foundation to those with any skin type!I absolutely love the this foundation! It's great for all over the face or just certain areas. On days where I don't want to wear a full face I focus this product on my dark circle around my eye. A little goes a long way so build as you go. There are tons of skin tones to choose from. The best thing about it is that is doesn't irritate my skin unlike every other foundation I've triedVery lightweight and amazing coverage! Totally build able, I apply it with a sponge and its finish is flawless. And the best thing about this foundation it has the color for everyone! Love it.Wore this foundation on a Sunday after a night out. I needed quick but light foundation that still provided coverage and this was definitely it. I used the stick the night before under my normal foundation to cover up blemishes (so as more of a concealer) and it worked wonders! I have oily skin and using this foundation didn't make my skin oily at all.This Foundation is amazing, it is full coverage and matte it also is very build-able and not heavy on the skin. I love the fact that it very Natural but is full to medium coverage without making you greasy or patchy. Sits in my skin very well and doesn't get oily very flawless look I always go for the more natural "no make up look" and it's perfect 
 * I received as a free sample from Influenster to test out*By far, the best foundation I have ever used. It matches my skin perfectly and doesn't ever look too cakey like a lot foundations do. It always leaves my skin feeling and looking smooth. I have never gotten so many compliments on my complexion as I have since using this miracle foundation. Love Love Love! 
 *I was given this product to try for free. While I was provided with this product free of charge, all opinions are my own.I received a free sample of this foundation and I reallly love it. I have the full set of the HD foundations which I use in tv and film so I already have a deep love for MuFE. This is personally my new favorite though. A great addition to my kit!I loved this foundation. It laid beautiful on the skin and blended out amazing. It looked so natural and matte. I will for sure recommend this to a friend and will continue to purchase it.I received this product to test and review and I am so thankful for for the opportunity. It is one of the best foundations I have ever tried. It is very very lightweight but still has amazing coverage. It is buildable. My skin is clear but is uneven. I am hooked on this foundation and won't be switching.So far im loving this foundation! The stick and the liquid are both great. Ive been using the stick though and even that is good, and it pretty much lasts all day. It id a very buildable coverage. No complaints here! :)I thought I would never find another foundation that could shake me from my current go-to but Make Up Forever has done a fantastic job with this product, and just may have made me a new follower. His product is light and doesn't feel Cakey at all. The coverage is great and lasts all day while still not cause greasy/shiny skin halfway through the day. The only thing that prevents me from a full 5 stars is that I typically am in a rush in the mornings and don't have much time to spend on makeup, and due to the light Buildabailty of the product, it doesn't cover with just 1 quick application as well as it does if you are able to let it dry and go back to a trouble area. Otherwise the color matches my skin to a T and product is affordable and long lasting.I got this as a sample from my Influenster Makeup Forever voxbox and I am completely in love!! It's medium coverage which is my preference. I have used this foundation using only my fingers to buff it onto my skin and it always looks flawless on me. I have what I would describe as normal skin, not dry and not super oily, I have some acne spots but very few, and this foundation lasts ALL DAY. It also really looks amazing in pictures which is a definite plus. I will repurchase and repurchase again when I run out!I was honored to be chosen to be apart of receiving this beautiful foundation for free for review purposes! It rivals a previous shade I was matched to in store. The color and coverage are perfect. I pair it with the pro powder, but still find I get a bit oily. Overall it's great!I have been searching for a perfect match foundation for ever and this foundation was amazing! Fit perfect and felt amazing on my skin. It also had pretty good coverage! I would definitely recommend and buy again!I received this to review for influenster and I am pleasantly surprised! It is a very light weight foundation with medium to full buildable coverage. It has a natural finish. I personally have normal skin so it worked really well for me!This foundation is amazing! Such complete coverage! Leaves your face looking flawless and smoothie! Also love that you can also build on it without it looking too thick.Never will I ever use another brand! So in love and the color matches perfectly!This foundation is really nice. If you have dry skin I suggest moisturizing beforehand, I found when applied with a brush it clung to drier patches. When I applied this with a beauty sponge WOW! It was so nice, it went on smooth and even, it is a medium coverage foundation but can be build able. It lasted for a good 8 hours without touch ups.This is my favorite foundation for everyday and for special occasions. As a makeup artist I'm constantly on the hunt for a great foundation that has a wide range of colors and tones, as well as a foundation that photographs well, can look fresh on the skin, and wears well throughout the day/event. This foundation has it all. I first tried it about a year before it was actually sold in stores and I'm obsessed. If you want a foundation that can mimic the skins natural texture as well as give a full coverage, flawless look then this foundation is for you. Perfect for all skin types in my opinion. For dryer skin set with a finishing spray like fix + and for oiler skin set with a light layer of Laura mercier translucent powder. 
 * I recieved a free sample to test outI am a firm believer in this #UltraHDGeneration. This foundation is by far my favorite so far. My shade is Fair due to my very light skin. I wasnt sure if it would be the right color but the shade is PERFECT. It blends very easily. Doesn't look "caked on" or oily. The builability of the product is #flawless. As for texture it is very smooth and light. I would say it has moderate coverage because it is just right - not too much and not too little. The product gives me coverage all day - even in this hot weather; I didnt even have to touch up throughout day which i LOVE.I love this foundation since it makes your skin look like SKIN. Not a cakey mask of foundation. I would even consider using this in my professional makeup kit, the durability is pretty decent and I really like the color selection. It's somewhat buildable but definitely recommend applying with moderation. It evens out the complexion nicely along with a natural finish#ultrahdfoundation i have always been a huge fan of this foundation. The coverage & the color range is phenomenal! It's very full coverage but not cakey at all! Its my go to foundation! I also received this for free to reviewI've been using this foundation for about 3 weeks now and I absolutely LOVE it! It lasts all day and you can barely feel that product is on your face. I've also used it for a wedding and it stayed on the entire day despite the 92 degree weather and crazy humidity. The color match is spot on and I love the smooth finish as well!LOVED this foundation! It has great coverage & it's so build able. I mixed it with my naked skin balm for an added tint & it worked together beautifully. This foundation matches my skin so well & it's so comfortable to wear. No flakiness or dryness!!When I received this product, it was perfect timing because I have had some breakouts. It was a true test to see if I could get full coverage, I did see some great results and it still felt great with no touch ups hours later! Also it was a lightweight foundation that lasted all day!This foundation was absolutely perfect. A little goes a long way and I used a sponge to apply. The color fit me perfectly, the only thing I don't like about it is that it defines the lines on my forehead a bit. Even when using the Blur primer from Tarte. ): maybe I need a better primer, but I will continue to use this foundation. I still love it!This product was given to me by influenster to test and give my opinion about it. I love that it looks like I don't have much make up yet it give a natural clean look! This is definitely an every day look. For a little bit of more coverage you can try the make up foundation stick from make up for ever. But this is the best for every day make up!! Loved it!I have searched for the perfect foundation for over a year. I wanted something with decent coverage, but didn't look caked on. I have found the happy medium in the Ultra HD foundation. I have fair skin and the R230 shade matches my skin tone perfectly. The foundation blends into my skin no problem. I work second shift, so I apply my makeup in the morning, and it stays put throughout the day. It doesn't sweat, melt or wipe off. I would recommend this foundation to everyone and their grandmother.I received this foundation from Influenster and I have to say I'm very surprised by how much I love a foundation that I didn't pick out for myself. I have very dry skin and this gives me breathable coverage. It's the perfect texture for those who fear looking cakey!I have super dark skin and it has been impossible finding a foundation that matches my skin tone and is still lightweight. This product absolutely does the job. I received so many compliments on how clear my skin used when I wear this foundation and I feel radiant. Make up forever is a high quality brand and that shows in the quality of their product. i normally wear a powder foundation since it's easier to apply before school but I can't get over how much better this makes my skin look. I've already ordered a second one. I'm super picky when it comes to make up but I think this foundation is worth the investment.I really liked this product! I received it as a part of a voxbox from influenster. It's very buildable! A medium to full coverage foundation. Blends super nicely too!I was actually surprised with this foundation upon receiving it from Influenster. They matched my shade well, and although I was expecting it to be best for dryer skin tones and melt off my face, it actually held up similarly to some of my favorite oily skin foundations.I like that MUFE has provided a large range of shades, as well as a liquid foundation for those that the stick might not work as well for. I have used the stick once so far (which I also received) and it melted off much quicker in my oily t-zone.I also like the coverage, it fills in my pores and looks smooth on my skin. I'm even thinking of adding a few of these shades to my makeup kit soon to use on clients.I chose to give it a 4 because no foundation is 100% fool proof with my overly oily skin. I just think for something that wasn't necessarily geared for oily/combo skin it seems to do fairly well with mine.This foundation is amazing, there is no other word to describe it! It is full coverage and it literally stays on all day. It leave you with an airbrush finish. I love this foundation, it doesn't cake up at all!I'm obsessed with how easily this foundation lends itself to great coverage. I love my freckles, but also want to smoothly cover some major redness on my cheeks. I can layer this foundation in such a way that it stays light enough to let my freckles shine, but offers enough coverage to even out the rest of my skintone.This product was sent to me by influenster for review purposes and I absolutely love it. It is so lightweight that it doesn't feel cakey. It is amazing with flash photography and the foundation stays all day!I've been dying to try this foundation and when I finally did I was so impressed! The color rage is awesome they have so many shades for many different types of undertones. This foundation is so skin like. It looks very airbrushed and really doesn't make me feel like I need to set my face in any area. When I pump it onto the back of my hand it came out very liquidy but it's actually really creamy when you apply it. The coverage it definitely there, it would be a medium to full coverage and builidable but I was perfect with one application! I have been asked "what foundation do you use?" so many times since I've been using this foundation! I love it and so does everyone else apparently!I loved trying this foundation. I have dry sensitive skin. It is light weight, has good coverage and won't make your face look cakey! I used a primer before applying the foundation. It lasted most of the day with no touchups. I would not recommend this product for those with oily skin because it is not a "matte" product.I tried this as a sample, and it's the best foundation yet. It's very lightweight and blends very easily. Also very buildable if you want a lot of coverage. My skin is combo/oil and this stays on my face all day long with urban decay all nighter setting spray. This is my go to foundation.I was kind of intimidated when I tried this foundation as I had never used a high end brand before, but this product has definitely shown me the light and converted me to the land of high end! This foundation is SO LIGHT and airy! It felt like I wasn't wearing anything at all, and everyone thought I wasn't even wearing makeup.
 It isn't cakey, even though it is very buildable so I really really love it for everyday use. It covers well on the first application so I didn't really have to worry about touch ups.
 All in all this is the best foundation I've ever tried.This foundation is awesome, It blends in perfectly and it looks so natural and refreshing. Every time I wear it I receive a ton of compliments. Perfect for an every day look.This foundation is medium coverage but very buildable. It is very light on the skin doesn't feel Cakey. I was afraid the shade would not match because I chose online but it blended perfectly fine. I would totally recommend this foundation!This foundation is absolutely amazing and well worth the price tag. It's lightweight yet buildable, and it covers fully. I put it overtop my concealer and didn't need to touch it up once. You barely notice you're even wearing it! It also sticks true to its name; it shows up flawless on camera.I think the coverage is medium/full and buildable. It made my skin look flawless and it photographs really well. The shade range is great and you're sure to find your match.I received this foundation in my Influenster box for review purposes. But, I actually owned and loved using this foundation before it was sent to me. Use it with a foundation brush for full coverage or sponge for semi coverage. Either way, you will fall in love with this Foundation. Looks like your skin, only better. It's my go to!My favorite way to apply this foundation is with a damp beauty blender, it's so easy to get that flawless coverage when you apply with a beauty blender. When I went into Sephora to look for this foundation I was in shock how great the color range it. They have shades for red tones and yellow tones/light to dark. The foundation itself is such a great coverage, it's basically like you're wearing your own natural skin and not to mention it lasted me all day. One negative I would say is it definitely is more geared towards dry skin. I got pretty oily recently after I applied it.I received this foundation to sample and it was the first time I've ever used the Makeup forever make up. I definitely like the consistancy and how easy it is to apply. The coverage is medium but I wait a minute and than apply a little more. I would recommend!I was never a huge fan of the original HD liquid foundation, but I must say this one is surprisingly better. It builds nicely, lasts all day and leaves a really gorgeous finish. I had to take a star away though because this does oxidize on me. To be fair, most foundations oxidize on me, few don't, but since I know there are foundations that don't (Tarte Amazonian Clay), I have to take away a star. But overall, I will say that this is probably my 2nd favorite foundation. It lasts all day, medium coverage, but definitely buildable and doesn't feel heavy at all. I wear it all day and sometimes am sad to take it off because it still looks almost as good as when I first applied it. 
 For best finish and durability, you must use a primer with this foundation. I can't tell you how many people I hear complain about foundations and when I ask, they don't use primer. This is professional makeup, your skin must be properly primed. 
 I appreciate the full range of colors. I am fairer and often have trouble finding a matching color and this foundation really has a great range of shades and undertones.This product offers good coverage and still feels light weight. I have super oily skin so I have to wear a matte primer to control my oil, and the foundation didn't adhere quite as well as I'd hope. I did try the foundation without the primer one day and it did last longer.
 I did receive this product free for testing purposes thanks to Influenster.As a roseacae sufferer, I am extremely skeptical of any full coverage makeup. After a couple hours typically, my redness shows through. MakeUp Forever pulled through! Great, weightless, full coverage that lasts all day without getting greasy. 
 Influenster and MakeUp Forever provided a great product to test!I would describe this finish as a natural finish, almost dewy. It gives a very natural, healthy and glowy look to the skin. It is very lightweight, it gives light to medium coverage, it's easy to build and never looks cakey. I MUST set it though or it won't last and it doesn't really cover blemishes which is why I gave it 4 of 5 stars. In summer I just need better coverage and longevity to withstand the heat. I have a feeling though that this will be my go-to winter foundation because I get so dry in winter and this foundation feels so healthy and hydrating, almost like a lightweight gel?! Oh and the formula is very runny so I recommend using a brush for application instead of a sponge, I didn't like the coverage with the my beauty blender and I think it's bc the sponge absorbed the foundation due to the consistency. All and all its a very beautiful product. Oh and it has a pump which is a huge plus!I loved this product so much. I received it from Influenster as a free sample and instantly fell in love. It's light weight, keeps my skin looking matte and natural, gives me just the right amount of coverage without looking cakey, doesn't even feel like I'm wearing anything. Love this product and reccomend it to everyone!I think this Ultra HD foundation if perfect for a night out or for when you are in front of the camera. However, I am one who struggles with oily skin and if I wear this product for more than 6 hours it literally starts to melt off my face. BUT, for the first six hours my skin looks absolutely flawless. It's lightweight and buildable. The foundation has amazing coverage and they provide a great shade range. I think this product is so amazing!As other reviewers have said, this foundation provides light to medium coverage. It's like your regular skin but better! I first tried applying with my foundation brush, but thought it looked most natural with a beauty blender application. I also felt a bit greasy after wearing for a few hours, and recommend a mattifying primer if you're prone to oily complexion.Absolutely obsessed with this foundation! Perfect formula not too thick or sticky perfect amount of coverage definitely re purchasingThis is a light foundation and is good for all over coverage. However I didn't feel like it covered my dark circles well enough. I like that there are so many shades to choose from.This foundation was amazing! It covers up all of my acne and imperfections in just one layer. Just for good measure though I do like to add a little more coverage to my cheek area. I love the wide range of colors and the packaging with the pump is also a very nice touch.This is an awesome foundation, really. It feels almost like moisturizer when applying it. It is very milky. A lot more creamy then other foundations I've tried, like Kat Von D lock it foundation. But this is not a bad thing! It applies to your skin like melted butter and feels great. My only complaint is that it doesn't stay on looking great all day. It lasts about 67 hours before it looks like you need some more applied!I really enjoyed this foundation.I'm a make-up addict. I hit Rouge status in about 2/3 months. I buy and try every new product out there. It's an addiction/obsession. I'm in my late 30's with normal skin and I always use Tarte primer before foundation.
 I found the best way for me is to use with my beauty blender. It provides a light/medium coverage. It doesn't cover every spot, and I love that, it makes my face look like my face but better. 
 I used with Sephora Pro 78, misting with Caudalie Beauty Elixir, and this was provides a bit more coverage. The Beauty Elixir helps my face look youthful & dewy. I like to use this method when I'm going out. 
 When used with my Sephora Pro 55 I found it provided a bit too much coverage. Like it was obvious I was wearing foundation. I used Becca highlight in Opal and I felt like a Kardashian.. Not a look I was going for but I didn't have time to re-do. 
 I'll definitely add this to my collection, it's going to be a staple as I fell in love with this product.I absolutely love this product. It is easy to apply and is seem less, some times I don't want to wear a full face of makeup out of the house and this product is perfect for that, it's medium coverage allows me to cover up the darker areas around my eyes without having to apply it to my entire face... No lines. As far as lasting all day, when a powder setter is applied I've had no problems with it!I used this foundation a few times to get a good feel for it. It is an okay foundation but not one I pick to wear every day. The coverage is more of a light to medium. It also does not have a great smell, it actually made my makeup sponge smell pretty bad. After a few hours it also starting separating on my face and just looked really bad. It's the kind of foundation I leave in my makeup bag and use when I'm waiting for my restock of the good stuff to come in the mail.After hearing so many wonderful things about this foundation, I was eager to try it for myself. It certainly did not disappoint. It provides medium coverage but is easily buildable, yet feels incredibl light and airy. The color is a perfect match to my skin tone and provides a stunning airbrush like finish. I had professional photos taken wearing this foundation and it looked stunning both on and off camera. It feels unbelievably light for the coverage it provides and blends beautifully with a beauty blender. Wonderful product!Great lightweight makeup, easy to blend and feels like you're not even wearing a foundation!Unfortunately I was unable to wear this foundation due to the wrong color being received. However, the texture and consistency of the foundation was good. It does seem build-able. I will be sure to try this is the correct shade.I so wish I had gotten this is the correct color! It is a fuller coverage but doesn't look heavy on the skin! I mixed it with my other foundation to match my skin tone but loved it! It lasted the whole day and didn't feel cakey like some liquid foundations can. Definitely worth a try! 
 *I received this product for sampling and review purposes*I love the product and brand I need for everI absolutely love this foundation. I tried it a few years ago and wasn't a fan of it. @influenster sent me this product to review and give my honest opinion on the product. Thank the makeup gods they did because I absolutely love it now. Not sure if they reformulated it but for whatever reason it works great on my skin. It has amazing coverage and it looks so natural on the skin. Definitely will be repurchasing for an everyday foundation.This is a pretty good foundation. The coverage is very full coverage and can seem a little cakey at times. With the right primer this would be the perfect foundation for everyday wear. Right now I use this for more full coverage days when my skin is acting up or for special occasions.Looks great, medium coverage and looks awesome in photosI received this to try from influenster and was pleasantly surprised with the color match and texture. I haven't tried building it yet but plan to. It seems slightly oily after a few hours so it wouldn't be my go to for summer but for winter, yes. Also the older I am getting the wrinkles are setting in. This doesn't magnify them. Overall I really like it.I received this asite a free gift to try through Influenster. I was so excited to try a brand I've never purchased from before and wow, I'll definitely be purchasing in the future. I love how lightweight it feels while still having amazing coverage/pigmentation. It's easy to build up and sheer out for a custom coverage! I like to mix foundations and this plays well with other formulas. I have normal to oily skin and this lasted about 8 hours before I saw any breakthrough. All in all I would definitely recommend this foundation to anyone I know. It really makes my skin flawless !With fall/ winter fast approaching my skin has become dry and dull , but this foundation has got me covered! Literally ! The coverage is medium-full and it's definitely buildable. I Recieved this complimentary for reviewing purposes and I love it ! #ultahdgenerationGood product, seems to stay on all day I'm pleased with it. Nice color on skin and covers blemished and scars wellI try the foundation from Make Up Forever for the first time and it was love at first sight!! The coverage is medium (perfect for my everydaymakeup), it feel soft on my skin, it control the shine, last around 7-8 hours and the shade is quite natural! I am sure it will be one of my favs foundations! I received this as a free sampleTo be honest, the first time I tried this foundation, I didn't care for it at all. In fact, I couldn't understand why it looked so bad on my skin - and then I realized I wasn't using it correctly...doh! After applying it appropriately, I found that it offered almost flawless coverage of my skin - which is saying something, as I have rosacea. Once I learned how to blend it in properly, I was very happy with it. I still think I prefer a liquid foundation, but this is great for travelling.This product has some really good coverage. I struggle to find foundations that I am happy with, and I love this one. It is lightweight and really matches my skin tone. I have oily skin, so by mid day I do find myself blotting the oil, but even through that, the foundation lasts really well.This foundation is really good. It is light coverage, but I use it with a concealer and finishing powder and its perfect. It really is pretty undetectable. I think you could build it if that was what you wanted, but I have not tried. The texture is super smooth. Also, the shade range is amazing. The color was perfectly matched, making a super natural look. 
 I received this product as a sample, but would absolutely buy again on my own.This foundation is fuller coverage than I would normally wear, but I really like it. The coverage is smooth and with a primer it wears really nicely. It works well with a beauty blender, brush or fingers.This foundation would is perfect for people with normal to oily skin. It's lightweight and gives a very natural finish as opposed to matte or dewy. I personally have skin that's drier and for me, it started to crease throughout the day. I don't recommend this for people with dry skin but it's a great product for the other types of skin I mentioned earlier.I really love this foundation, it is very light on my skin which is great because I have acne prone skin that is very oily. My face can breathe easily with this on it and I love it.I really liked this foundation because it blended like a dream and has very buildable coverage. It really looks incredible in pictures. I naturally have oily skin and this foundation worked for me. The only negative thing I'd have to say about it is that it didn't last as long as some of my matte foundations, but it did last just as long as other high end foundations.The first couple wears I wasn't very impressed. I used a different primer each application and the third application is the charm. I have an oily tzone and used a mattifying primer right where I am oily and it look amazing and stayed put!!At first application I really liked this foundation, it matched my skin tone and looked flawless. After a couple hours I wasn't so pleased. It made me look like I had just been running with my foundation on. It was oily and separating around my nose, chin, and forehead. I don't have oily skin naturally so I'm not sure why it did this so badly. Overall this foundation looks great for about 2 hours but after that you look like you just left the gym.I'm so happy with this product! I received it as a free sample & I honestly didn't have too high of hopes for it. But I've used it every day since I received it! I had previously been using a $40 foundation that was too cakey. But this foundation matches my skin perfectly & is very light. It feels so nice on my face. Will definitely buy again!I am really in love with the #UltraHDGeneration foundation from Make-up Forever. First, I really love the shades offered! I have very light skin which can be very hard to match, but this foundation blends in flawlessly without looking caked on or painted on. The color match was impeccable! I was really impressed with the coverage too! I don't necessary need a full-coverage foundation, but was impressed with it's ability to remaining looking natural and blend in easily. I like that it is lightweight and really enjoy pairing it with my stick contour and highlighter. I received many compliments from my look with it over the weekend and would definitely recommend it as a must-have item!This foundation has quickly become one of my favorites for multiple reasons. Mainly because I love the way it feels on my skin. Even on bad skin days where I need to layer it a bit on some areas, I still feel like I'm hardly wearing anything and never get that cakey look. It's so easy to apply and blends like a dream. I love when why l my skin still looks like skin under a foundation with such great coverage!So I really enjoyed this foundation, it is extremely light weight and has a surprising amount of coverage for how sheer it felt! I like a little more long lasting wear than I got from this but I also use a heavier formula on the days I wear foundation. I would recommend it to most people, especially if they are planning on being in photos.I used to use the HD foundation by Make Up For Ever and discontinued use because I felt it was just a bit too heavy for my skin. I was so excited to see an Ultra HD lightweight formula released and am so happy to have given this line a second chance. The coverage is so nice and fluid - not creamy like some liquid makeup. Incredibly blendable and buildable so you can swipe on for a sheer coat or add depth if you need more coverage. I also liked the stick foundation product as well and feel that this formula lasts through the day and photographs beautifully.This was a love at first wear for me! I used a beauty blender to apply and I love the coverage and build ability of this foundation. It was super light weight and seems to just melt into your skin. All day wear and it photographs beautifully.This foundation is lightweight, buildable and has an excellent shade range. The coverage is light-medium buildable to medium, and I love the non-cakey appearance it gives. My skin however tends to become quite oily on my chin, nose and around my nose, and though the finish was beautiful after I first applied the foundation, by midday, it began to break up in those areas. I think this would be the ideal foundation for those with dry skin. It did not sink into fine lines, cling to dry patches or accentuate pores, unfortunately, with my skin type, the wear time was not as long as I'd hoped.This foundation is the first highend one I've tried and it has become my go to foundation. It doesn't feel heavy like my drug stores ones and the finish I get looks so clean and refined as long as I use a beauty blender and now my hand.I'm in love, I'm in love, and I don't care who knows it! I received this as a sample via influenster. This foundation is so smooth, I am absolutely floored.It is buildable, and long wearing. It is a little on the expensive side, but it's so worth it.This foundation feels light to the touch and light on my face. It provides nice coverage considering how light it is. I have scarring from blemishes, though, and prefer to wear a foundation/concealer combo, but for days when I want a lighter look, this is the perfect product. I also thought the range of shades was good and allowed me to choose just the right shade for my complexion.The quality is out of this world. I love the thin formula that provides extensive coverage. The color is perfect as well, and the amount. Ended is so minute. The finish also is perfect as well. Recieved for free from influenster to reviewOkay, thanks to Influenster and #UltraHDGeneration I have finally been able to try out this foundation! I've always wanted to try it because every has raved about it and now I know why! It's amazing, looks like your skin but better! Hides imperfections but doesn't look like you're trying too! Apply this with a beauty blender and you're all set! Beautiful results!This foundation was just a little too thick and had too much coverage. The consistency is just too thick. I am used to a liquid foundation, though. If I needed some really thick makeup or a lot of coverage, I might consider buying this product. However, for day to day wear, this wouldn't be my choice.I used to be obsessed with this foundation and I recently rediscovered it and my love is back. IDK why I ever stopped using it.I seem to have a ridiculously impossible time finding foundations that don't give me a white cast in photographs. This one doesn't! Finallyyyyyy I don't look sick in photos when I wear it! I love it.I absolutely love this product! I don't like wearing foundation but this is so like and airy that it's like I don't even have anything on. It also has amazing coverage. I had to get headshots and I wore this foundations and the photographer barely did anything to my face because the coverage was so even and smooth!I really didn't like this foundation at all. It didn't work right with my skin and didn't blend right and the coverage wasn't good.I really like how this foundation matches my skin tone and disappears once applied to my skin! It doesn't seem like I am wearing any foundation but my skin definitely looks more even. The formula is runny but very easy to blend. I would say this is a medium coverage as it doesn't entirely cover up my dark spots and acne scars.This foundation doesn't last very well which is disappointing and it is very funny, when you first put it on it looks great but later in the day not so muchI think I have found my new favorite foundation! Influenster sent me this in their Make Up For Ever voxbox and let me just say, it is amazing! It is full coverage, and has a light feeling on the skin! I will purchase this when I run out!I am a huge fan of this foundation. It gives me full coverage, but isn't heavy or thick. I don't walk around with cake face. I didn't really like make up forever'a foundations before because the colors didn't work with my golden undertones. This HD formula is more complimentary and has a natural seamless finish. I don't have to do many touch ups either. I would suggest using it if your work in camera like I do, because it looks like you have no make-up on at all!I hands down stand by this foundation I love it it will be my forever favorite foundation and brandI received this to try, free from Influenster & MUFE. I didn't think I would love it as much as some others I've tried after reading so many mixed reviews, but I do. This foundation just WORKS with my skin. I have combination skin, so something that looks good when I first put it in might not look good an hour later...but this does. The coverage is medium but buildable. On my skin it is a natural/slightly dewy finish. Matte after setting with a good powder. I had no problems with it moving or breaking up. My skin looked just as good 8 hours after I put it on. It oxidized a little, but nothing too bad. This has replaced my other favorite and moved right to top shelf. Love it, and would absolutely recommend it.I have tried every FOUNDATION out there. I have oily, acne prone skin. Most make up melts off of my face after a few hours. I tried this foundation without primer to see how it held up on its own. I am seriously amazed. It lasted ALL DAY! The coverage is everythingggg. I have tons of acne scars. It covered everything without looking cakey. For those with acne, you know how hard that is to do! It blended so easy. I am just in love. My search is over. I have finally found the holy grail of foundations.this is my altime favorite foundation! The coverage is amazing the color options are amazing and it lasts all day! I use it with a beauty blending sponge and it makes my skin look air brushed! Highly recommended, worth every penny!My favorite foundation by far, long lasting, smooth, not cakey, doesnt make me break outI received shade 177 and I believe it is a little to dark for me. I first tried it with the Caramel Step 1 primer and absolutely hated it, I looked really orange and it didn't take log for my face to be an oil slick. I next tried with the mattifying primer and dare I say, I am in love. I was able to make the darker shade work with the help of a lighter concealer. My experience definitely makes me want to try or makeup forever products. I wore to a wedding from 3 pm until well past midnight and the foundation lasted the entire time and I have beautiful pictures from that day. I would recommend, with the mattifying primer, of course.This foundation is perfect for my skin. The coverage is amazing and stays on for forever! I received this product from Influenster for free trial but will definitely buy again once I run out!!! #UltraHDRevolution #InfluensterI am loving this foundation! It's got a great coverage, while not being heavy or cakey in the slightest. I've previously been wearing YSL Touche' Eclait, and this one is lighter, and applies much smoother. It's really hard for me to find shades that are pale enough, without being too orangey or pink, and the lightest shade in this is perfect for my slight yellow undertones.Love this Foundation!! Has medium to High coverage. Lasts all day and feels light and doesnt feel like i have foundation on my faceThis foundation was so light and gave great coverage on my skin. I loved the way it evened out my skin tone and didn't leave my face feeling dryI have dry skin with rosacea and this foundation gave me all the coverage I need plus makes my dry skin look not so dry. Great long-wearing formula too!I was gifted this Make Up For Ever foundation and have found it to be great for my no makeup looks. It's got awesome coverage without feeling too heavy and doesn't come off easily on clothes. I would definitely repurchase this product.I really enjoyed using this foundation. I have only applied it with a beauty blender and it was great. Not matte but also does not make you look shiny. Did not feel sticky and other products applied great on top. The shade I have isn't perfect for me but it's workable!This foundation has a medium coverage but I would say it is definitely buildable! It was very blendable with my beauty blender. It did hold up pretty well through out the day and I do have oily skin and used a primer.I received a sample of this foundation and literally fell in LOVE. It provides enough coverage that you do not need concealer but blends enough to look totally natural. Its a great foundation to wear for photos and I made sure to wear it on my wedding day because it is non-transferable and buildable depending on your needs. I would highly recommend it to anyone looking to try a new long wear face product.I seemed to run across a lot of issues with this foundation after using it several times. The biggest issue I had was that it didn't last long on my face. After only a few hours, it made my face look super oily. It started to also smear off in areas around my nose and mouth. It also didn't help that the foundation I bought was certainly not my color. Much more darker than I expected when I walked out Sephora. A Sephora employee helped me. She was very nice but I don't think I would trust their devices again to match my skin tone with a foundation. I have a combination of dry and oily skin and this foundation just didn't work for me, unfortunately. I could see this foundation working well on people with skin more on the dry side, in my personal opinion. I'm glad I gave it a shot though. It got so much hype and it sadly didn't live up to the hype for me.This foundation is very lightweight which I love! It provides just the right amount of coverage for me. I received this free for trial purposes from Influenster. Great product and I highly recommend!Initially applying the foundation, I loved the formula. I personally try to stray away from products that are too thick, and prefer more of a natural look. The color matched perfectly with my skin, and I was extremely happy with the results. Although my skin felt great, the thin formula did not last all day. I would compare the results closer to a CC cream rather than a liquid foundation. Overall I recommend this product for those (like myself) who prefer natural coverage that allows the skin to breathe!This foundation is absolutely gorgeous. I have about 20 foundations and this has become one of my favorites. It has great coverage without being cakey at all. I have combination to oily skin and it looks flawless all day!
 *disclaimer I received this for free in exchange for my honest review. All opinions are my own.Honestly , I tried it once the foundation was way too light on me , the foundation on my skin felt so weird I was just turned off I didn't even want to try a different shadeThis foundation didn't not settle in to my pores or fine lines. It matched my skin perfectly. It only lasts on my T-Zone area for maybe 4 hours. It is one of the best foundations I've tried in a while. Thank you Make Up For Ever for the Ultra HD to try! I received this product free for review from Influenster. The opinions are my own.i absolutely love this! I wore it recently to a music festival and even after a day of sweating and being in the rain, my skin and makes up still looked flawless and not at all "cakey." I got so many compliments on it and it has become my new go to.This foundation is always on the Sephora Best Sellers list and for good reason. It's just a solid foundation. It blends in SO effortlessly, looks natural, has buildable coverage and most importantly, actually matches my skin! Most foundations are too yellow, pink or orange but this one is perfectly neutral/slightly yellow. The only thing I wish it did is control oil, but it doesn't claim to so, I can't fault it for that.My cousin introduced me to this foundation three years ago, and while I was initially turned off by the price, I was hooked since the first time I purchased. It's one of those makeup products worth the splurge because the quality is so above and beyond. People tell me my skin looks airbrushed and glowing all the time. Perfect coverage and so silky smooth.This foundation offers medium, buildable coverage with no cakiness or settling. When blended on with a brush or beauty blender I can control where I want the coverage so that I have even, smooth skin with flaw concealing where needed. It looks natural and wears comfortably. The shade range is incredible! Thank you, Make Up For Ever, for the Ultra HD Foundation sample and for making such a standout product!I recieved this foundation free from influenster. It was a great foundation when used for a couple hours, the coverage was buildable but when used with the stick better. When I wore it to an 8 hour work day or 12 hour school day my skin got oily quick, even though I used it with my favorite primer. Color wheel is huge here and offers lots and lots of shades, the smell isn't strong or bothersome and the packaging great. I have naturally oily skin so it's just not an all day foundation for me.This product really does what it says! It smooths out my complexion and is especially helpful for evening skin tone and texture. I have a pretty low-maintenance beauty routine and typically don't wear foundation, but this is the perfect product for when I need an extra beauty boost for a night out! It is also pretty easy to apply and blend with your fingertips if you don't have a brush. My only issue is that I have slightly dry skin and this product doesn't help with moisture. So, if you have skin like me, you have to make sure you are extra moisturized before applying or the foundation can become cakey.I wouldn't recommend this product if you have naturally oily skin. The coverage is buildable but I found can cake very easily.The only positive thing about this product is that it's not patchy and it applies easily. The problem is that this foundation makes my skin really matte and my texture sooo visible. It's so frustrating. It's supposed to be a full coverage and even though I used a primer, I can literally see every single pore and even the tinniest pimple underneath it. It's also super liquidy. I'm so disappointed... I got matched with this foundation at Sephora and I am returning it after 1 use.I received this foundation to try from Influenster and I'm so happy I did because I re-fell in love with it. The finish is so beautiful and still looks like skin. I prefer a full coverage foundation and I find that this one gives me medium, but definitely buildable so that doesn't bother me at all. So worth the money!I have extremely dry skin and this foundation kind of did cling on to a few dry patches, but the color match is beautiful and the formula is light. i MUCH prefer the stick. if you have dry skin the stick worked much better for me. Overall definitely enjoyed this product.I received this product complimentary of influenster and I'm so glad I did! I like this way more than the stick! It's not heavy at all but still has coverage that is beautiful. Building up the coverage is easy too!It blends well, is buildable, lasts a long time, and doesn't give me cake face, and it's not drying or oily (I have dry skin but moisturize). It looked awful with the hourglass primer for some reason, but was great with Jane Iredale. I like this formula, and it's my favorite liquid, but I prefer powders personally.I really like this foundation. It provides medium coverage, but is definitely build-able. It feels light on the skin and lasts all day. I didn't even have to touch up throughout the day, but I did use a primer underneath. All in all, this is a great long-lasting foundation. It almost feels like you don't have any makeup on!I received this foundation complimentary from Influenster and wow! This is probably the best foundation I have ever tried!! The shade, Y245, fits my skin tone perfectly. Very lasting, buildable coverage, and it doesn't make my skin greasy! I love it!This foundation is great! I received it for free from Influenster. It has medium coverage and is light, giving a natural look. There are many shades, so everyone has something to choose from!This foundation was great for my skin. It covered well and blended easily and felt lightweight without feeling greasy. I have combination skin and was worried about getting super oily in spots, but that didn't happen at all. I am in love with this foundation and don't see myself going with anything else for a long time.I started using this foundation a few months ago and i love how easy it is to apply. It is so light and feels like you have nothing on your skin! It allows for build able coverage and has a wide variety of color choices. It is long lasting but needs to be set with a powder.Being a makeup artist I have tried many foundations and they are plenty of hits and misses but this one from Make Up For Ever is by far this best! Its not to heavy which is perfect becuase when I do makeup it is usually photographed so you never want to look to heavy. They also have a wide range of shades which is great when dealing with many skin tones on a daily basis.So, I received the Make Up Forever ULTRA HD foundation & foundation stick in my voxbox from influenster & I could cry! This is by far one of the best foundations I have put on my face. It left my face flawless & it's great coverage. I highly recommend for events where you want your make up to stay & your pictures to come out picture perfect!I have always considered buying this foundation but didn't know how it would react to my skin (combination/oily skin with oily T-zone). I recently received this product to test it out and I LOVE IT! The foundation is very build able and the formula is great. This foundation can be used for everyday day time make up but can also be built up to full coverage evening makeup. I would definitely recommend it!I don't typically wear a lot of foundation, but after receiving this as a free sample, I would definitely buy this in the future. This foundation not only has great coverage, but it isn't cakey or heavy on my face. I used a primer underneath and the foundation stayed all day and night without any creasing or fading. I would recommend this product!I received this foundation from Influenster to test. I had bought it before and I guess I got a bad batch because it separaed on my skin and aged me 10 years.I treied it again and I love it. My skin is already pretty flawless without make up but when I use this it's perfect. I wore it out to the bars. It was raining and I was sweating. When I got home that night it looked like I had just done my make up.So, I did not want to give this product lower stars, just because it is not for my skin type. It is a good foundation and provides good coverage. I just found it did not last very long on my combination skin. At the end of the day, my skin was too glowy. I do think this product would be amazing for someone whose skin is on the dryer side.Since its launch, I've read very impressive reviews for this foundation but for reasons now unknown to me, I just didn't think it'd be a good fit for my skin. Last week I went to Sephora to return an item for a refund, but instead found myself exchanging it for this foundation. And I'm over the moon that I did.
 I'm very fair with a cool skintone and it's incredibly difficult for me to find a foundation that matches my skintone. Even the lightest shades in 99% of the foundations on the market are too dark or appear just right until they oxidize. With such a large shade range, I had no issue finding one that matched me perfectly: R220. It also didn't oxidize. Win, win!
 I have fairly decent skin, but it isn't without its issues. I have areas of redness and discoloration as well as visible pores on my nose. Despite this being a lightweight foundation, it covered those areas beautifully and did not settle into my pores or laugh lines. It also did not accentuate the dry areas that I have. Coverage-wise, it's sheer to light but can easily to be built to medium without the dreaded "cake face" effect.
 Prior to application I moisturize well and apply a face primer. Whether I use my fingertips, a damp sponge, or a stippling brush, MUFE Ultra HD blends in well with no streaks. I finish with a few spritzes of a setting spray. 
 Wear time is admirable. The weather here last week was unseasonably hot and humid. I'm also a nurse and work 10-12 hours per day. Despite all of the above, this foundation didn't show any signs of breakdown until hour 8, and even then it was slight and localized to my somewhat oily t-zone. A light dusting of finishing powder corrected that in no time.
 I've been wearing this foundation for less than a week and have already received numerous compliments. I've had several people ask me to write down the name of the foundation so that they could purchase it. So, in short, MUFE hit it out of the ballpark with this one!I typically like more of a full-coverage foundation, but on those days where you want to look natural but still put together, this is perfect!I love this foundation! I wore this on my wedding day and it looked great all day and night. I would suggest using a primer with it as it can start to settle into pores over time. The wide color range is amazing for a perfect match! I also tried the mufe stick foundation and while it gives more coverage it does not have the staying power of the liquid.A bit pricey for the product. I do like the lighter feel of it on your skin as I don't require full coverage. I think I may have purchased the wrong shade suggested to me by the Sephora representative . I am still in search for the best foundation.I got this from influenster to test and found that this is a great medium coverage foundation that is buildable. It definitely oxidizes a bit darker so be on the look out for that.I got this to test from Influenster and MUFE. I have very oily skin and deep acne scarring as well as some minor hyper pigmentation. This made my face look better than my current foundations. I do not know how exactly. Less flawed. But still I had oil throughout the day and I blotted as usual.Best foundation I have ever purchased! I normally have extremely oily skin and I always have to mix a regular foundation with a matte finish. This foundation makes my skin so dewy without looking greasy! I absolutely love the amount of shades they have!This foundation perfectly blended in with my skin, leaving my face looking color-corrected but bare. I was given a sample from Make Up Forever and will absolutely be buying more when it runs out. Great in combination with the stick foundation for parts of my face that needs more coverage due to breakouts.This foundation is pretty good. The color selection is great but you have to be careful because you could very easily out yourself one shade off so take your time picking. It provides a medium coverage has a lightly dewy finish. Its missing something i cant put my finger one hence the 4 star review.I have been using this foundation even with their old formula for about 6 years and absolutely love the new HD foundation it coveres well and had a nice finish to it it art and bit to dewy and looks flawless in pictures as wellXo DeeI've never had such bad acne before using this product. It has decent coverage but does not last all day it starts to melt on your face showing redness and looks oily.I will not buy this again.This is amazing!! I have finally found the best foundation ever and believe me it is hard! This is exactly what I want medium coverage that is so light you cannot feel it. Definitely will be repurchasing! Love it!I love the feel of the foundation, how light and smooth it is. I personally like a heavy coverage this is more medium coverage, it is able to be built however which works well for me! I'll definitely be trying more MUFE products!The make up for ever ultra hd is surprisingly smooth! I have never been a huge fan of liquid foundations because I was always worried that they would be splotchy or make me look like a "cake face", but this product blends very well and provides excellent coverage. It also photographs very well which is always a plus!I am in love with this foundation. What I definitely love most is that it actually got BETTER throughout the day as I wore it. Most foundations look amazing right when you put it on but then get cake throughout the day, but this one actually looks better as you wear it in my opinion. Coverage is beautiful and build able, I am extremely dry so I think this is probably better for dry skin, not sure how it would wear for oily skin.This foundation has a great medium coverage. I was impressed for the first hour or so, but after that, it really started to settle into my smile lines and around my nose. I always prime my face and set, but it didn't look good for a very long time. I have fairly oily skin, so for a lot of drugstore foundations, I expect that to happen. I was just a little dissapointed after hearing so much hype. I also recently started breaking out after I used it. Not sure if it's related though. I received a free sample of this foundation from Influenster.Received this product free from Influenster and makeup forever in a voxbox and I am in love! Such great coverage and a light formula doesn't weigh down your skin. It's good for combination skin types and lasts all day. Highly recommended love the #ultrahdgeneration!Great coverage, perfect color match, love this foundation.I love this foundation! It's so hard to choose between this one and the MUFE stick foundation because their both so good. This one is a medium to full coverage. It last all day, leaves my skin looking like skin and not cakey. Blends very well. I can't decide between the two, so I would say I definitely recommend one or the other. Both very great foundations!This foundation is amazing. It looks incredible in photos and has full coverage. I don't even need to color correct or spot conceal when I use this product. It's so much nicer than other high end foundations I've tried. My only issue with it is that sometimes it wears off around my nose throughout the day no matter how much powder I set it with. Other than that this foundation is perfect.Is a great foundation, have worn it for a long time about 2 years. Decided to go w/another brand for the time being. I think my face got use to this product & doesn't go on the same as it use to. Still goodI have been testing this product out for a couple of days now & I must say I am falling in love! I have very oily skin and this has stayed on my skin for the whole day. I have a few scars on my face (nothing crazy) but this foundation covered every single one of them without having to cake on this foundation. I love how you can apply it with a brush and a beauty blender so you can pick your favorite and have no problems. I would for sure recommend this foundation.This foundation was decent. It's a medium to full coverage foundation with a normal finish. I really like the way it looks when I first put it on but unfortunately it oxidizes during the day and is almost completely gone from my face when I get home from work. It settles into my fine lines a little but if I set it with powder right afterwards then you can't tell. I like to use this with either a beauty blender or my artis oval 7 brush. Overall a pretty decent foundationI work in an office environment and after my first use of this foundation I was really impressed. My boss is a makeup artist and she said that she thinks that I would like this. I checked the mirror throughout the day to see how the foundation wore and it definitely keeps through the day into the evening. This is great for me because I usually attend events after the work day so I won't have to worry about touching up.
 I didn't feel oily and this was really easy to apply. I wasn't looking to build any coverage because I don't have too many imperfections, so I'm not sure how it would wear on other skin.
 I would definitely recommend this product.
 Ps. I love that it comes with a pump.I love this product. Today waa the first time using it. I have to say that I'm very impressed with it because my skin is very oily, so must of times the foundations does not work to me. But in this case it was not this way. The coverage was amazing, smells good, it is not oily, I just love this foundation!I like this product as a natural looking option for everyday use. It doesn't make my skin feel gross so I can have it on all day without feeling compelled to wash off my whole face. It has a great formula and feels nice and light, but I had two issues with it. One was that I have a very hard time building it up without looking splotchy. It would get cakey in some places and barley any coverage in others when I would try to build it up. And the other was that I just can't seem to get it to apply smoothly to my nose. Now, I have pretty oily skin, but before I put on makeup I generally wash my face, moisturize, then prime, so it isn't like my face is really oily when applying it. I have to set it 100% of the time, which sometimes requires more effort than I'm looking to put in. Once I do get it set though I really do like the finish and how nice it feels on so I'm still going to give it four stars.I didn't expect too much out of this product (I've hit a bit of a foundation plateau). Nothing on the market seems to be AMAZING anymore. But this, this surprised me. For the most part, I have clear skin, but I'll occasionally get dry patches/bumpy skin. My skin is also pretty oily with large pores. It's tough to find a foundation that won't settle into the pores or just melt off my face. I've applied this with multiple tools (stippling brush, traditional foundation brush, beauty blender, Artis brushes) and it glides on so nicely every time. It's a medium-full (leaning more towards full) coverage foundation. It doesn't settle in lines/pores and it leaves the most beautiful natural finish. I usually set it with a powder and setting spray. It lasts me ALL DAY. I usually dust a little powder on halfway through the day, just to tackle some shine, but the foundation itself holds up. Also, there is a shade that matches my skin EXACTLY, which is pretty rare. My only con for this foundation is that it oxidizes and gives a very light orange hue to it. It's really only noticeable in certain lightning and after the 8 hour mark.I was really disappointed with this product. I have really difficult skin, it's extremely dry and I have major redness across my nose and cheeks and my chin. This foundation gave me decent coverage but it caked and made my dry skin worse throughout the day. Also, the colour changed, leaving my pale skin looking very orange. I opted to take it off and go bare-faced rather than leave my skin in such a mess. I'm sure it's rarely this foundation doesn't work for someone, but if your skin type matches mine, I wouldn't recommend it.I received this product for free for testing purposes. I was nervous when I first opened the foundation, shook it and put some of the back of my hand because it was veryyy runny and I was worried the coverage wouldn't be good. This is in extremely lightweight foundation- it is not cakey at all! It goes on very smooth. Even though it's runny, the coverage is good. I'm very happy with how it looks on my skin. I still used my normal under eye concealer and concealer around my nose and chin because I tend to get red there. I didn't give it five stars because my skin does look a little dry in some places. The color match was perfect. I'm wearing 255I was super excited to try this foundation since I heard so many great things about it!ATTENTION: if you have oily skin do not waste your money on it. I gave it 3 stars because I love that you can build your coverage, because I love the consistency, but it made my oily skin worse. It feels like a masca, you can't apply it smooth, your face is going to shine baby like the sun and it doesn't last.Fo people with dry skin this is a MUST! I wished it would work on me, but no chances, and I've tried it a lot!Amazing product , feels so smooth on my face and really evens out my skin. I received this item for free for testing purposes and I can't tell you how exciting it was for me. After using it for about a week or so I honestly don't know how I was ever able to live without it. This is a must buy. Doesn't clog pores and gives you a dewy healthy look.. I just wish I lasts all dayLightweight enough for everyday, but also great to build coverage. Feels light on the skin, not cakey. You must shake first, and it makes all the difference in the consistency of the product.Love this foundation! But for the price I decided to look for some other alternative. However the finish this foundation gives me is just incomparable. After wasting money on other foundations it's best I just stick to this one. Totally flawless and covers up all my acne, blemishes, redness, etc!!I love that this foundation line has a color range for all global skin tones, not just Caucasians. It is a super lightweight foundation in texture, but also has a buildable coverage from sheer to full without looking too cakey. The finish is really nice, like skin. If you have larger pores, I would recommend taking a silicone based clear primer and a fluffy domed brush to gently buff over the top of the foundation where the pores are larger and set with a pressed powder in your shade by pressing it on over the top (pro tip).
 Thank you Make Up For Ever for the Ultra HD Foundation sample!I truly love this foundation since the first time I tried it at Sephora!! Looks natural not cakey at all!!Good lord, i can't say enough good things about this foundation. Its definitely long wearing and it keeps my T-Zone oil free all day! I usually have to touch up with power but with this one, all I did was set it once with the Laura Mercier translucent powder and it was good for a 8-9 hour wear! The color matches me perfectly and I wish I wouldve tried this sooner! This product is definitely buildable too because I currently have acne scars on my cheeks, and these covered it up with no problem!I was thrilled to receive the Makeup Forever Foundation to try! I've worn it every day for the past week and it offers fantastic coverage and lasted throughout my long days. I have oily skin and thought that it stayed great throughout the day, but was still lightweight.
 I used my Dior foundation brush to apply it and then used the Beauty Blender to finish the look.I've used this before and keep coming back to it. I love how this doesn't look like makeup, rather it makes your skin just look great. This can be more natural looking or built to a fuller coverage. I live in Florida and have oily skin, I love how this doesn't oxidize when I wear it on a hot summer day. The color range is fantastic and this looks great all day, even in heat or rain.I love this product!!! I brought the product the first time, and the second time I received as a free sample..both times I was satisfiedSo many people LOVE this foundation. I, however, am not fully convinced. Maybe it's just my skin type? I do like the Ultra HD Foundation stick over the liquid foundation better though. I used a beauty blender to apply the foundation stick and feel that it has medium coverage. I could still see many spots that I would like covered, even when I layered. Upon initial application, the stick seems to cover decently in comparison with cheaper brands. However, I also do not like the feel of thick foundation on my face and often feel like it ends up feeling like an oily makeup mess on my face within about 4-6 hours, so I would not consider it long wearing. I do feel this way when I use the Ultra HD Foundation stick and by that point, I have to reapply and use a pressed powder, which makes it feel thick and cakey on my face --- also hate this. Although the product is "oil free," I still feel very oily and like the makeup is "slipping" off my face after a few hours. When it starts feeling oily, any coverage that was covering spots on my face is also exposed, basically defeating the purpose. In the future, I may purchase this, but I'd say I'm about 40-60 right now.I use this and the HD stick foundation every single day. The coverage is amazing, the foundation feels good, and it really helps my real skin show and glow through. I'll use the MUFE 108 large foundation brush or a Beauty Blender to apply, depending on what kind of coverage I want that day. I also use the mat velvet foundation. You really cannot go wrong with any of the MUFE foundations. Not a fan of the HD concealer though, you might want to save your $$ there.I love the consistency of this foundation, it is very buildable and looks great on the skin. The only problem that it does have is it can cling to dry spots but other than that I had no other problems, I was given this product by Influenster to give my personal and honest review.This foundation makes my skin look AMAZING. Its very light weight and can be used for a minimal day to day look or can be layered to create a full coverage look. It has amazing coverage, hides any blemishes but doesn't look cakey at all. It minimizes the size of my pores and with 40 different shade i found my perfect color. This Foundation looks amazing layered on top of the Make Up For Ever Ultra HD Stick Also. So versatile, I can't get enough of it!!super buildable and easy to apply , great if you want full coverage but dont want to go cakey this is for you i use this on date nights and i honesty love it ,i am oily in my t zone and this doesnt make me patchyEnded up returning this after trying over multiple uses. It moves all over your face during the day, and settles into lines.I applied this foundation with a beauty blender, and I honestly love the full coverage I receive when I apply two layers, and the durability of the foundation is amazing. I can truly say that this has become my favorite foundation.When I got my liquid foundation I was pretty excited to try it out and the beginning I thought it was a little watery but as I've continued to use it I absolutely love the coverage that it provides.... because it is absolutely amazing!I've been keeping my distance from high end foundations for years because I go through foundation the fastest. I've never seen a point in spending $40+ on it, but I think this foundation has made me see the light. It has amazing coverage, hides any blemishes but doesn't look cakey at all. My skin looks like MY skin, not a layer of makeup. The formula is lightweight, so you feel barefaced all day long, when you're really not. It's buildable and has a beautiful finish. I'm not sure if I'll ever buy another drugstore foundation after this.. I seriously need MUFE's Ultra HD Foundation in my life all the time now.I am so impressed with this foundation. I picked out my color online and the color matches my skin tone perfectly. Easy to blend with a sponge and covers well. Lots of compliments about how nice my skin looked.
 I got this foundation as a free sample.So far, so good! I used this today with the ultra HD cover stick. I did a light layer over a tinted CC cream to wear at work. Almost 5pm and still covered!Truly love this foundation, I've been using the same foundation for years and think I may have found a new staple! The Ultra HD applies so smoothly, and it's super easy to blend over your skin. It can be built up for more coverage where needed (I have issues with acne, scaring, and redness - all of which were nicely covered before any concealer) while still having a super natural and dewey finish, and not looking 'cakey'. Would definitely recommend this foundation!I really liked this foundation even though it is much less coverage than foundations I typically use. This foundation is really great for everyday coverage and doesn't seem to get cakey or oily with a pumps worth of product. I typically use a primer underneath and set with a powder and it lasts most of the day without needing to touch up or powder again.This was my first time using Makeup Forever products and I can honestly say that I am IN LOVE! Love the pump, can pump it right onto my hand which allows me to build my coverage up as much as I need for the day. It is very thin.. so I was worried about coverage but I was proved immediately wrong. Gives great coverage without looking cakey. Shade matches my skin tone perfectly. Looks like I'mnot wearing any makeup. This is already my new favorite product!I love this foundation! It's so lightweight and has buildable coverage. It looks great on camera and in photos!I just tried this foundation for the first lime this last week. Ive heard so many great things about Makeup Forever and I wasn't disappointed! The foundation was very smooth and blended out really great. Its very light to medium coverage, and very build able. If you are looking for a thick, full coverage foundation...this is not it.It did smooth out my face and evened out my skin tone. 
 It looks beautiful in pictures, which is a big deal for a lot of women. It didn't create any white face with a flash and my skin looked pretty flawless. Doesn't cake up, even with powder!
  I gave it 4 stars because I don't care for the smell and I personally would love a little more coverage with the initial layer so you don't have to use as much to get the desired coverage. If you have great skin and only need a bit of coverage, this would be great for you!
 I have dry skin, and this did very well with it. Im not sure about anyone with oily skin though. Overall, a really great foundation!This got rave reviews so i bought it hoping its be my hg foundation. Nope it just sits on top of my skin on top of my pores i dont understand. I have normal to oily skin and it just is okay. I used a brush and a blender and i cant seem to love thisI received this for free from influenster to try out and I absolutely adore this foundation. To begin, I love makeup and I'm a collector and I'm always looking for foundations that will work well for me and as many of you know that is not an easy thing to find! Something that matches well, blendable, works with skin type, etc. I've only found in one other foundation (Nars Sheer Glow which is my holy grail) but this is now my second favorite foundation. It has a wide variety of shades with different undertones, it's buildable, doesn't cling to dry patches but also doesn't make me look shiny and it's also very log-wearing. I also love mixing some becca backlight priming filter in with it to give it a bit of a glow! Overall, a great foundation. I can't stop grabbing for it.Lately, I have been trying a few different foundations to see what works best for my skin. My skin is combination, so it really just depends on the day and weather for me of how my skin will react to makeup. I think this is a really great product- even as a lighter wear. Right now, the shade I got was a little too light, but that's ok. For me, I think this foundation will be better anyways for winter season- so my complexion will be lighter then too. I love how the formula feels on my skin and I think it look great in photos too!I received this foundation for reviewing purposes. I have combination skin but way more oily than dry. I really love this foundation, it's amazing! Even though this is more of a sheer foundation it can be built up. I don't know about everyone else but I love that because I don't want to look full on glam cake face everyday. But when I do I still can layer it and it looks amazing. When I set it is can go hours with out looking oily. Also doesn't cling to my dry patches, and when I take photos my face looks so amazing and flawless. I love it and I prefer this foundation for a everyday type with 1 pump and half for the full face and half a pump where I really need itEveryone loves this, but unless you have flawless skin i don't understand why. The coverage is very sheer and my pimples peek through. Enhances my dry patches and i find it cakey if i try to build up the coverage. BUT it looks very natural on the skin if you don't have any issues, so it gets a 3 out of 5 because i really like it when my skin is good, and really don't like it when it's not. Great for flash photographies though, and my color is a match!finally found a light, wonderful makeup with the right tone for my skin. thank you, Sephora staff for getting it right!I received this product as a sample for review. Turns out I was pleasantly surprised. The color was a perfect match and then coverage was even. It could be applied lightly or layers for more coverage. I like using a moisturizing primer with it because my skin is dry. But this has made it to my morning routine.The color blends great with my skin tone and I picked it out online.1st time tried it out with sample and never thought it last all day. My skin can be oil in every 30 mins but the foundation stayed very long. I am impressed.First off, I usually love Makeup Forever products. I was surprised to find that I did not prefer this foundation. I like a full coverage foundation. This is definitely not what you should buy if you're also looking for. Full coverage foundation. It's very light and my blemishes were clearly visible after applying. I also had greasy skin within the first couple of hours at work. I would probably wear this foundation in the summer when I barely wear any makeup at all.I loveee this foundation it's perfect for my dry skin. The texture is watery enough for me not to feel the foundation on my skin but it's still so buildable and has good coverage I love it,This is a great foundation if you have normal, oily or combo skin that tends to be oily. I really like this foundation for the summer months it's amazing! Great coverage, applies and blends so well with my beauty blender. However if you're like me and your combo skin goes from oily in the summer to drier in the winter because you live in a cold dry climate this is not the foundation for you. I've been using it the last week even though my skin has been drier than usual, and by the end of my 9-10 hour work days even with setting spray and primer it's still settling into my dry areas and goes from looking flawless upon the first couple hours of application to looking rather cakey and it settles on those dry areas. It's a great foundation if you have skin that tends to be a little more oily, but I wouldn't recommend it for dry skin types.I tried this product after reading a very positive review about it. I checked it out at Sephora and liked the look, texture, etc. A staff member helped me choose the right shade and I have been very happy with it. Strangers have commented on how nice my skin is and believe me, much of that praise is due to Ultra HD Invisible Cover. I intend to stick with this one.I just received this product for testing purposes and I am Obsessed! I truly love this product and the Hd Stick foundation they are both amazing. I really enjoy the way it gives a luminescence finish and is pretty great coverage! Great job Makeup foreverI have been trying this out for a week now, and I love it. I have oily/combo skin and find that it is wearable. I can build it up where I need more coverage, but it doesn't set in my pores!I have to say that this product is amazing. This product outperforms even more expensive foundations I've used, which are way more known. I love the range and I love the consistency of the foundation it's not too thick which leaves a nice radiant finish. I highly suggest that you get so your local Sephora and purchase this product using the skin I Q tool they can easily figure out what shade you are a make up forever has something for everyone!I have very oily skin and it's hard to foundation that lasts. I love this one and it stays all day, I touchup around happy hour time. The feel is lightweight and coverage is buildable. Looks gorgeous in photos and not cakey. I love it. The pump is great not to waste product and kept everything clean 
 I received the product free for my thoughts. They are absolutely true.A little goes a long way with this foundation! I was surprised at how perfect my skin looked after such light application. I have redness and scarring on my face and it was all covered seamlessly without the use of concealers or correctors!If you're looking for a lightweight, your-skin-but-better foundation, this isn't it. But for a build-able medium to full coverage foundation that is great for oily skin, this is it. This product really masks any blemishes, discolorations and imperfections. And it lasts me 10+ hours. Just be sure to set it with powder.I liked this so much more than I thought I would. It's very natural looking on the skin, feels light, and lasts quite well (not my entire work day, but almost). I feel like the coverage is really good for the actual texture of the product. I have combination skin (oily nose, dry cheeks) and mature skin; it covers age spots, doesn't fall into pores and lines for me, and I feel like my skin looks moisturized, but not "dewy". One of my top 3 foundationsI absolutely adore this foundation! It's got a medium, build able coverage, that never cakes up. I believe it can work for both oily and dry skin types, the oily girls just need to make sure they set and or bake with some loose powder, and the dry girls just need a quick dusting of some pressed powder. It gives a nice natural looking finish to the skin, matte but not flat. Definitely deserves its good reviews!I am a VERY oily person, that has a hard time with makeup lasting all day. I typically wear my foundation from 10-14 hours a day, so I need a foundation that is going to LAST. Makeup Forever ultra HD foundation does the job perfectly. It lasts all day and does not oxidize or break up. And the COVERAGE! You can build this from medium to full coverage in a breeze. It also blends out beautifully, so don't be afraid to contour with it. The undertones are also impeccable for woc. The bottle lasts forever, and is reflects great value and quality for the price. *I received this product free from Influenster for my honest feedback.If you are looking for a medium coverage foundation, particularly if you have oily skin or want a matte finish, this is a great contender!
 I prefer a more full coverage foundation (hence only 4 stars) but I am going to try to layer and see if I can build it up because I am super impressed with how well this stays and the fact that at the end of the day my face isn't shiny. Typically I have to use an oil absorbing sheet toward the end of the day but not with this formula!Not a bad foundation but I won't pay $43 for it. I usually use the Covergirl Clean Liquid Foundation Oil Control (which I love)..The buff beige shade matches my skin perfectly and it never leaves streaks or lines..This isn't a review for that product but I'd say this product is about the same. Things I like better: how many shades there are, does not feel thick on your face but it comes out thicker which personally makes me feel like i'm getting more coverage (def doesnt feel thick on your face though) and that it's in a pump bottle. I wouldnt say it prevented oily skin anymore than my previous foundations and it wears about the same. I didn't notice any dramatic $43 worth of changesQuick Take: long wearing, buildable coverage, natural finish, seamless, blendableThis foundation is one of the better ones that I have tried. With my deeper skin tone, I have had foundation nightmares that I am unfortunately reminded of when I look at some of my earlier modeling pictures. Flash photography was not my friend. Makep Up Forever Ultra HD was made with photography and video in mind. I have normal to dry skin, with warm undertones and mostly flat hyperpigmentation scars, around my cheek from acne (allergic reaction to water...would you believe!) I love the texture of the foundation. It is quite liquid and very light. As I use it over the UltraHD stick, I don't need a lot. One soft pump is enough for my face. It's buildable and easy to blend in with my fingers or a flat brush. The finish looks seamless...basically invisible. I love the natural finish that feels like a sheer veil on my skin. It's not dry, cakey or oily. Yesterday I wore the foundation for 14 hours, with no touch ups. It held up nicely most of the day with only some light patchiness around my chin towards the evening. The shade does suit my skin tone on a good day. I might have an issue if I get a sunburn. The only negatives I found is that the shade range for darker skin tones seems to be lacking and the addition of fragrance to the product may cause allergic reactions in some people. Fortunately my skin has not had any strange reactions while testing out this sample courtesy of Influenster and Make Up For Ever.gnarly as heck!!!!!!!!!!!!!Lightweight, flawless coverage, great for sensitive skin. Can't rave enough about this product.I've never had a better foundation. This is literally the only foundation that covers everything perfectly and leaves my skin feeling flawless. It has a really smooth finish and stays on WELL. I've been swimming with it on before and a lot of it has stayed on even though it may not be water proof.The formula is light and looks very natural. It has good coverage and my skin looks even when applied. I have combination skin and am very happy with this product. I received this product complimentary via influenster for testing purposes.By far the best foundation i have ever used. I have sensitive skin and this didnt break me out. i Highly recommend!Very light formula that really is invisible! I mean, it does have a good coverage and buildable but does not look too cakey or visible! Looks so natural and the color matches my light medium skin:) it does wears off throughout the day though with my oily face. 
 Received product via influensterI have clear skin but have a little of redness and blemishes that I like to cover.. this was a VERY runny Fondation and requires way too much product for coverage. I tried with brush/ blender/ hands blender is the best way for this product but will not be buying againI was pleasantly surprised by this foundation. Although it's full coverage, it does not feel heavy on the skin. The formula and consistency of this foundation allows you to get buildable, beautiful coverage without looking like you have a ton of makeup on your face. 
 This is the type of foundation you'll want to wear for an event or any day you feel like having a truly flawless finish. Products apply on top of this foundation very nicely and it is VERY long lasting. I have quite oily skin and this foundation only wore off in small patches after 8+ hours of wear.I received the foundation through influenster. Great coverage and long lasting.I applied this foundation using a foundation brush, and it went on so smooth and perfect! This foundation was so soft and very light! It also made my face look flawless. This foundation is the best that I have used, and I will buying this from now on!i've been using Mufe foundations for years I've loved and repurchased bottles because its a great foundation..this new foundation #UltraHD is amazing..I get oily but also suffer from extreme dry skin and this foundation gives me a hydrated look like I just glow naturally not oily do you know what I mean? It blends and you don't have to worry about it..I sometimes like to skip finishing powder because I don't like the dry look but I want it to set and not worry about it creasing coverage and this foundation is just perfect.I have been wanting to try this foundation for a long time but never got around to it. Well let me just say that it is exceptional! I don't like wearing very thick foundation and this does an excellent job at giving coverage without being heavy on my skin! I was a little apprehensive on the consistency of the foundation but that went away as soon as I applied it. It really does look and feel like my skin just without my minor flaws!i cant even put into work how much i love this foundation. its everyhing i look for in a foundation. i love the finish i love how it makes my skin look i love how long it lasts on my skin. i was sent this product through influenster and i havent used any other foundations since i tried it. i pair it with the makeup forever step 1 mattifying primer and its the perfect pair. i cant say enough good things about this. if your on the fence about it buy it you wont regret it. although if youre really into super full coverage this might not be for you. although this foundation is very buildable.Finally a foundation that covers my sun spots on my face.I got the foundation when it was a big hype and it's not all that. The coverage is great but not the best and it makes your skin oily through out the day. Especially if you already have oily skin it'll totally make you an butter face. If you apply powder it'll make it look cakey.Full coverage indeed! But very oily without a setting powder .I really like this foundation it makes my skin look flawless specially on photos I received this product as a sampleI love this foundation it my everyday. Can always count on it and the colors are so forgivingI have been using MUFE foundation for about a year now and I really do love it. It is one of my top favorite foundations. I like the liquid formula and the stick. I use both, just depends how much coverage I want. The stick provides a bit more coverage but they are both amazing.I bought the HD foundation a couple months ago and I really liked it, so I decided to get it again in a shad that would match my skin for winter.. Oddly enough I really don't like it. I've tried about everything to keep it on my face(super oily) it still ends up looking gross and doesn't stay. I do notice it is buildable, but doesn't really give the total full coverage look.I've tried many other foundations and this one is the best so far. They have many colors to match all ethnicities and the coverage is awesome! Please note I received this product as a free sampleWow! This foundation really blends with my natural skin color! Natural coverage, comfortable wear, lasting power. I use this in addition with the invisible color stick foundation for even more coverage and blending, but it could be used alone.Received mine in the mail today as a sample from Influenster. Feels so good on my skin and the coverage is bomb.I've bounced back from forth between a lot of foundations in the past. I have ouly skin, so I'm consistently looking for a good long wearing foundation that doesn't break up around my oily spots. I wore this foundation WITHOUT a primer and it lasted beautifully all day. I was completely shocked at how fresh it looked all day!The maybelline fit me foundation was my go to foundation for so long but when I tried the make up for ever liquid and stick foundation I instantly fell in love. It feels like there's no foundation on my skin & it's also very natural looking. The finish is kind of matte and it looks like your skin, not foundation. I love how buildable it is, it's medium to full coverage. All I personally need is 1 1/2 pumps for all over my face and sometimes I'll go back and build up in spots I need it most. I use this foundation with the Benefit porefessional and Smashbox photo finish primers. I wore this foundation for 11 hours and it still looks flawless and not caked onto the skin. However, I prefer the liquid but the stick can be more controlled and it's easier to go back to a specific spot and give it extra coverage.The coverage to price ratio is so good. My only complaint is that the liquid has a weird smell. Like an old perfume. I prefer the soild stick to the liquid. 
 I recived this product to try free. #influensterMUFE was my go to foundation for a very long time. I tried other foundations just to change it up, but when I received this in the mail and tried the new formula it has been great. It feels very light on your skin and has buildable medium coverage. I think this is something you can wear daily and not look like you have make up caked on. I have very dry skin and usually put on a hydrating primer and it doesn't look flaky on dry patches.I never thought that I would fall this hard in love with a foundation.I love using this with a damp beauty blender and 2 pumps is enough for a great amount of coverage. Throughout my experience with this product, I love the color, longevity and flawless look it gives to my skin. If you haven't tried this foundation, I highly recommed you do!!I am loving this foundation so far. I've been using for a couple days. So far, it hides my large-ish pores pretty well! I had this foundation on for about 10 hours, and it stayed pretty flawless. I did get oily in my T zone, but not as oily as other foundations I have used. The coverage is not too thick or thin, but can be built up. I am fair complected, and the color Marble suited me very well. It wasn't too light or too dark- almost perfect! Another perk is I looked GREAT in photos I had taken with the foundation. I will be purchasing this when I run out, it's a winner for me.I recently got this foundation and it has become one of my all time favorites! I have dry skin with an oily t-zone. The foundation is medium coverage that is buildable to full coverage. I use a brush to apply one pump all over my face, then I use a damp beauty sponge for a flawless look. I have not had any issues with this foundation and there are so many colors for all different skin tones. I highly recommend this product!I love this foundation, it blends like a dream and the the coverage is buildable. I love how it set to a satin dewy finish, using the HD powder on your T zone wig ice you the ultimate flawless face! Love love love!!I received this foundation to review. I have never tried Makeup For ever. My first time and I will be recommending this foundation. If you don't want anything too full coverage and something that is great for daily use. Looks amazing on camera as well I took photos. My skin does not feel suffocated by the product. Recommend it to any age and any skin typeI just moved from CA to FL and have been dying to find a good foundation that gives me coverage, is smooth, and doesn't make me look Cakey.
 This is it. I received it as a free sample but would be more than happy to pay full price.
 The foundation is seamless and matches my skin perfectly. It instantly brightens up my skin!This formula is very reminiscent of the older formula. The same glowy finish, the only problem is that it oils up so easily! This product is definitely better for normal to dry skin. If you have combo it's pushing it. However, the finish is absolutely beautiful and great for camera work i must say.I have combination skin and I just love this foundation. I am too much surprised by its longevity. It works wonder with IT Cosmetics bye bye pressed powder. Just set it with the powder and you are good for the entire day. Obsessed with it.I absolutely love this foundation! It does not get greasy or crease and it is very bendable! I highly recommend this to anyone for all skin types- my skin type is a mix between oily and combination.I love the stick application! It is mess free. I could not believe how smooth it glides on. Great Coverage, too! Thank you Make Up For Ever for the Ultra HD Foundation sample. It's absolutely flawless. I was pleased with the color I chose as well. Will definitely buy more as soon as this bottle runs out!I'm really loving this foundation. Totally buildable and perfect for all day wear at the office or all night wear out with your friends! it gives me such a smooth finish and doesn't highlight my combination skin, which a lot of other foundations do.This foundation is really great. It goes on smooth and is very light weight and allows me to have buildable coverage. I really love how this foundation is not too heavy on my skin, but still gives me the coverage that I desire. I have oily skin in my T-zone and some foundations add to this; this foundation doesn't. It has a semi-matte look and is very natural looking. I would highly recommend this product.I give this foundation 1 star for each of the following: blendability,coverage, shade range and staying power.
 This foundation definitely made my skin look flawless on camera, was very long-lasting (even in the dry Las Vegas climate), and is very easy to blend and build.
 I couldn't give it 5 stars because I am an oily girl and while I did set this foundation with a product that I always set my foundation with (no matter what the foundation brand is) this foundation does not provide a matte finish, so of course my skin did have some shine to it. The shine was not an oily/greasy shine⏤more like a hydrated skin shine⏤ but being an oily girl I don't want to shine at all, so I did have to blot (but honestly, only twice in an 8 hour period). Also, I noticed that my pores were more visible as well. 
 So, if you are an oily girl, please be aware that this product does not claim to provide a matte finish, but a natural finish and is best for normal, dry and combination skin types.Could you possibly use the Step 1 Smoothing and/or Mattifying primers by MUFE for enlarged pores and a matte finish to combat the shine and visible pores? Possibly, yes.
 Either way, I still like this foundation and I will continue to wear it (with my blotterazzi beauty sponge in my makeup bag).
 For shade reference, I wear NC45 in MAC's Studio Fix and the shade 170 is a great match for me.This foundation is amazing! I have struggled with acne scarring and discoloration, and this foundation covers them without making my face look cakey. I love this foundation so much because of how natural it looks,yet its ability to cover so much without making me look like i am wearing any foundation at all. It leaves such a nice finish to the face, and last all day long!I am not a huge fan of stick foundation and find that usually products similar to this will wear patchy throughout the day. I did not have that problem with this product! I have combination skin which is acne prone and this covered up my bumps and scars so well while still looking natural. I am impressed by how similar the stick foundation is to the liquid version. Overall I was very happy with this product.One of my first high end foundations. The coverage is amazing, and it leaves a weightless satin finish. It doesnt get cakey or creases when setting with powder. I forgot to put my setting spray on and it lasted all day, running errands in the crazy Texas heat. The color matched PERFECTLY to my skin. I am truly impressed by it.This is my TRUSTED foundation ever. While I try out and wear different types of foundation, this is the one I reach out for all of my important events or when I want to look best especially in photos. It's long-wearing, buildable and looks so natural. It really gives you that flawless skin and I always get asked or given compliments when I wear this foundation.I received this product from Influenster for free to try out and I am obsessed! I will definitely buy again! It works really well to cover blemishes and still feels light on my skin!This foundation is FLAWLESS. It is everything I typically look for and want in a foundation. I want it to look full coverage, but not feel full coverage. It blends beautifully and matches my skin tone seamlessly (R370). It's a foundation that gives your skin that natural, healthy glow look without seeing any imperfections! I have super oily skin and this foundation lasts me all day.
 I did receive this foundation & the stick foundation for free in exchange for my HONEST & FAIR review. (Definitely wasn't disappointed!)I don't have any acne, never have, but my skin tone is a little uneven in my cheeks, and by that I mean a little pink patches (not hyper pigmentation/dark spots). It always seems like makeup store employees recommend a light coverage/buildable foundation, but it never covers the redness, and so it seems I always reach for full coverage foundations when really I don't need "full coverage", I just want an even skin tone..
 My go-to was always the Tarte amazonian clay foundation, but I just got tired of feeling I was putting on such a thick product for such a small problem. That's until I found this. 
 I buff it on with a flat top kabuki brush, and less than two pumps covers everything I need it to, more in some areas than others, and still feels weightless and looks like I'm barely wearing anything.
  *Note, I began using it using too much product (I thought it was pretty liquidy compared to what I was used to), and only when I did that did it look a little cakey. Lesson learned, a little goes a long way with this.This foundation is great on the skin. It is a very thin consistency with medium coverage. It lasts most of the day without becoming splotchy. I would highly recommend this foundation to other people. It also does not have much of a smell which is something I look for in a foundation. I also like that this foundation has a yellow tone so it cancels out my redness.I got this and the foundation stick to test via Influnster! It goes on nice very buildable nice coverage. Light weight and breathable on skin my new go too for foundation! Tyvm MUFEThis foundation is a light coverage but is buildable. I woukd suggest letting the first layer dry that way the coverage is there. It feels amazing on my skin. I have dry skin and it does not make me look cakey. This foundation works great for any occasion. It can be for everyday wear, photography, or a night out. It is definitely worth the money.The color options are wonderful and I was able to find a shade to perfectly match me and when first applied looked beautifully. HOWEVER, soon after application my face got so oily (naturally oily) but I'm talking first hour or two of wear looking like end of the day oily. Because I was so oily the foundation broke down as well. I was so disappointed because I loved the color and original appearance but every single time I try it, no matter what primer before hand, it looks awful by hour 2.Best foundation I have ever used!! It's my holy grail. I love how it can be medium to full coverage, doesn't not get cakey at all, or settle. It looks great in person and in photos. I own way to many foundations and this is the only one I reach for, day to day or going out its perfect. I usually will apply it starting with a brush and then give it a final good blend with a beauty blender and it looks flawless. Highly recommendHello I received this product free the review and I love makeup forever never disappoints me at all I love all there foundation they have it's honestly amazing I can never go wrong using itSuch a great product. Glides onto your skin so smoothly and blends evenly with your skintone. Covers blemishes well and is large enough tube to last for a while before having to purchase another. Definitely recommend this product!I was originally skeptical before using this foundation only because I look for a more full coverage look. Boy was I wrong about this one! I applied using a beauty blender after concealer and it melted into my skin like a DREAM. It went on a light/medium coverage and after the second coat everything was covered! After putting on my Laura Mercier setting powder my skin looked completely flawless. I would definitely recommend this foundation to anyone. I have somewhat dry skin that gets a little oily in my tzone throughout the day. The only reason I took off a star is because I find after a few hours in the florida heat it starts to slide. But it is PERFECT for a night out with the girls!This foundation is great! There are a ton of colors to choose from and I found one for me that is a perfect match. The formula is very thin, which I like. It doesnt cake on and is easily be built for a fuller coverage. It goes on really, really smooth and blends very easily. This is my first time trying out Make Up Forever's foundation and I am very impressed!This foundation is amazing, it leaves a flawless finish without creasing or looking cakey. Initially, I was a little apprehensive as the product does come out very thin, almost watery. The foundation itself is so lightweight and ca be built to any coverage. I opted for a light coverage and needed about 3 pumps. The product lasted the majority of the day but by about hour 6 I needed to reapply. It did not make me Oily, and I have a tendency to get oily in my T-Zones. Highly recommend.The overall consistency of this formula is incredibly thin and watery. It is listed as a medium coverage, but actually goes on as a light coverage foundation. It dries with a few a dewy glow, which is really nice. It seems to wear well with a setting powder, but alone, it doesn't seem to last. I have normal to dry skin. Lastly, there is a slightly strong chemical odor to the product which is a little bit of a deterrent. I'm hoping this was just a bad bottle.This foundation is for anyone who doesn't like the cakey look of a lot of full coverage foundations.I think this is going to be my favorite foundation. This is my first time using it and it Set in my skin very well. It goes on smooth and covers well. . Love how the foundation it isn't thick.i'm so happy to have gotten the Make Up For Ever ultra hd foundation voxbox as a free sample. it's now the foundation i grab for and scared to think about living without it. it's light on the face and so effortless looking. i naturally have redness and with this you cannot tell. this foundation actually lasts all day although my t zone tends to get oily it doesn't budge. also, it leaves my face so soft and ive noticed i haven't broken out at all since wearing it. it feel so good to be in love with your foundation!!This foundation is pretty good, I wore it for a couple of hours just to see how it would hold up with my skin type. I would recommend it. It could have a wider range for darker skin tones as I am in between two colors but I plan on buying the next color up of r520 and mixing them to get a color just little closer to my skintone.Make Up For Ever Ultra HD Foundation​ is a close first place for my all time number one pick of foundation. Absolutely AMAZING! I was able to receive this as a free sample through influenster.I was so excited that I was able to try this out. This is a foundation that I truly love and get compliments on daily. I am hard to please when it comes to foundation and it's difficult to find one that wasn't oily and not so heavy and I found it! It's absolutely amazing. It's very light and not a bit oily. It has great coverage, especially for my acne scars. I haven't broke out from it either. My skin looks flawless! I am so happy with this makeup. I am literally glowing!I really liked the coverage on this. I got this through influenster and I chose a shade a little dark for me but still goes on nice and smooth and feels not too oily like some liquid foundations can be. I would definitely buy this in the future.This is my new favorite foundation. I tend to hate wearing foundation during the summer because they are so heavy on my skin... so when I discovered this foundation I fell in love with it. It's super lightweight and matches my skin tone perfect. I have darker complexion skin and can never find a foundation that matches my tone. Somehow this has everything I'm looking for all in one... a perfect match, it lasts all day, blends so well, with beautiful consistency... & the list goes on. It's everything I was looking for!I've walked past this foundation and used it on clients thousands of times but never thought to use it on my oily skin! I like a foundation with some oil control proprieties or that is super matte so I never really thought about using the Ultra HD and I am regretting it! I was sent this to try by makeup forever & influester and finally tried it on my skin! I'm super oily and I live in Humid ALABAMA. Through the oil and the sweat it stayed! No streaking, no movement, no problem. The only negative I can come up with is the glow I had by the end of the day but that's expected. The color is spot on and I get amazing coverage without cake face. Probably gonna be my fall beatI have a beauty blog and the MUFE HD foundations are one of my favorites for photography. I've tried the original foundation and the Ultra HD and while both formulas are very similar, I do feel like the original is better though since the Ultra HD looks a bit more shiny on me faster and so it's not as long wearing. The good thing is, this newer formula does layer on a lot better to be a medium full (but not all the way full) coverage and so it doesn't look too thick or cakey on my dry skin.I have mostly dry skin, with a bit of oiliness on the nose. I found that the foundation looked beautiful at first. However, over the course of 3 hours, I started to notice separation around my chin and nose. It's one of those foundations that from far away it looks flawless, but up close stay away! In all, emphasized dryness. Great shade range though!One of my favorite foundations that I have ever tried. I have extremely oily and sensitive skin and although the foundation seems runny at first, it blends extremely well. Medium coverage that spreads very easily. I use a stippling brush or a beauty blender to get the coverage I want. A definite must have in my beauty regimen now!I am super impressed with the Make Up For Ever, Ultra HD Invisible Cover Foundation. I tried for the first time today, and I am hooked. I love home easy it is to apply, the smooth consistency, how well it matches my skin, and the coverage is amazing!I received this foundation to test out from influenster, and I am obsessed! It provides a beautiful even and buildable coverage, and sets the perfect canvas. My skin tends to be on the dry side, with occasional oily spots. This foundation felt light and breathable, yet still maintained coverage. It blends smoothly with my bronzer/blushes, and I saw no lines of demarcation. I got ivory(r230), it's almost a perfect match and will be precise when my ever so slight summer "color" fades. Makeup Forever is definitely a top brand for foundations.I have oily skin and this is a really lightweight formula. It's not think or too funny either. The shade matches my skin tone perfectly. It's about a medium to full coverage foundation. I like to use a beauty blender or real techniques sponge. I love the packaging. The design is versatile and I love that it comes in a pump form. I think you can really make sure you're not using too much because it has a pump.This foundation is very lightweight and easy to apply. There is room for improvement in the area of covering up redness of the skin but overall is a good productSomehow has everything I'm looking for all in one. Lightweight, build able, lasts all day, blends so well, beautiful consistency... & The list goes on. Can't explain how well this works for my skin and what I'm looking for!I recieved this foundation free for testing purposes. I would of loved receiving the correct shade but I didn't. I did try it and I love that the coverage is light but you can also build it to full coverage. Is super light and easy to blend. Is seriously a great foundation.Creamy, smooth texture that allows for gradual, buildable coverage - great for days you need a natural base and even better for when you have some unsavory blemishes to hide. This foundation has been a great new addition to my daily routine.I just starting using this foundation recently. My disclaimer is I may have gotten the wrong shade, but did have a slightly orange hue. I do love however how light it feels even though it gives complete coverage. I would definitely use a brush and not a blending to use the make up. Also because I am an extremely oily person I had to use a setting powder because it gets extremely oily by the end of the day.There are so many great things to say about this Foundation I don't know where to start! Something I really like about it is that it's definitely buildable yet still natural looking. It has a natural finish to it so it's not too dewy and not too matte. MUFE also has an extremely wide color selection so whether you have yellow, neutral, or pink undertones, you will definitely find a shade that matches you. I like to apply this foundation with a beauty blender as I feel it best applies that way. I feel like it lasts a long time and it works well with other beauty products such as bronzers, blushes, contour and highlight.location:New Yorkskin type:combinationskin tone:deepeye color:brownage:18-245 out of 5Tried and true-09.27.16Quick Take: long wearing, buildable coverageEver since I transitioned from buying drugstore foundation that never fit my skin tone quite right, I have been using Make Up For Ever's awesome foundations which have an impressive shade range. The HD formula has changed a bit across the years, but it's still one of the most reliable and versatile foundations especially since coverage is very buildable while always maintaining a seamless natural finish. If you're concerned about looking over done, don't be - it doesn't look cakey at all and wears well throughout the day even with my occasionally oily skin. Love it!I have found my second, polished skin...and I am never going back. This is the first time I have found a foundation light enough for my skin, I am the shade of sand with pink (cool) undertones but that doesn't make me look like a vamp. This is definitely medium coverage, and goes great with a concealer (NARS). I wore it for 12 hours straight with no touch ups, and worked a 9 hour shift at a hospital. Very minimal oil in t-zones (normal skin). Thank you MUFE!If you are the type of woman that really, really likes a no-makeup makeup look, this foundation definitely belongs in your arsenal. The texture is literally just like skin, you really cannot tell that you're wearing foundation with one coat; as you add the coverage ranges from very light to medium.The shade I selected online matched perfectly to my skin tone, I believe that they do run true to color. I think this would also be a great foundation and a safe bet for someone who is just getting into foundations.I've worn it for filming and it looks lovely on camera but it doesn't provide nearly the kind of coverage I typically looking for, with my freckles and pigmentation (red around the nose area). It does not exacerbate existing issues, like large pores or small lines. If you combine this foundation with the less sheer stick, they blend wonderfully and the coverage is much fuller or you could just use your favorite concealer.I did not find that it lasted through the day - but - my days are 16 hours long. It did hold up after a coffee date (~4 hours).I have never tried a foundation that looked SO much like my natural skin and it DOES look wonderful on camera; I think MUFE did a wonderful job with this formula and I found that it exceeds expectations within these parameters.Edit Cancel SubmitI've tried A LOT of different foundations before and I keep coming back to this one. I like how buildable it is, it doesn't break me out, and it lasts all day. Sometimes it can be hard for me to find a good color match, but this color match is PERFECT on me (light, cool undertones) and they have a pretty impressive shade range compared to some other brands.Beautiful finish and coverage. In my opinion it's very sheer to full coverage but definitley build-able the consistency is a bit runny for my it worked better with a bursh versus a beauty blender. The coverage lasted all day but did not keep my oily areas under control I did need to bolt throughout the day although this foundation is great I still prefer the Makeup Forever Mat Velvet+ over the HD. The HD is worth a try and if you don't like it the great thing about sephora is you can always return itLet me start off by saying I'm a VERY, VERY oily person. With that being said I do enjoy this foundation, just not as much as some. The texture is very watery, so be careful. I spilled it the first time I used it. I have applied with both brush and sponge, and found that a sponge works the best and gives the best finish. Really beautiful and flawless when first applied. It isn't full coverage, but it is buildable. More of a medium coverage. There is a great shade range, and I like how they break down into yellow and red undertones. Makes choosing a color a lot easier. I would definitely recommend for those with normal to dry skin. For me I applied a powder and still had to touch up throughout the day to remove excess oil. 
 Overall a great foundation though!i love this foundation!i would say it's medium to full coverage. i have dry skin and it doesn't cake up on me like some foundations do, as long as i moisturize and use a hydrating primer. i love the shade range and the longevity of this foundation. i think i prefer the liquid over the stick, too.This product was a gift and I had never tried any makeup forever products before, I was stunned. I always used drugstore foundation because I rarely wear it, and now since getting this I wear it all the time! It is a perfect match, creamy and light but definitely enough coverage to smooth out all of imperfections on my skin and cover any little bit of blemishes that show up. I will definitely buy again.I've tried plenty of foundations and this one is top notch. The consistency is smooth, the coverage great. Not too thick not too little. It lasted a long time and even after sweating I didn't feel like it was melting off of me. I have used Chanel, Dior, Burberry among other brands but I love this one. Winner!!This foundation is very light but still provides great full face coverage. It also contains HD pigments which makes your skin look great even with flash photography so it's great for going out. Easy to layer and it still looks natural. I have very sensitive skin and it hasn't bothered it at all!! So glad I got to try this through Influenster and Make up Forever. #HDI absolutely love this foundation. I have used it for every occasion from everyday wear to wedding makeup. I have a serious problem with my foundations changing color on me even with a primer but I have no such problem with this foundation. It goes on easy, covers my flaws, and has a very smooth texture. I also have this in various shades due to summer and winter skin changes and I love them both. I will mention that I did receive this as a free sample but have owned it previously before that and this is an honest review.I've been using the #UltaHDGeneration foundation since the line came out. I love how lightweight the formula is on your skin yet gives you a medium-full coverage look. This line also offers a wide array of color choices.This foundation is amazing!! It is so beautiful on the skin. There were many shades for everyone skin tone as well as undertone which was nice. I am in the shade 425 and I can say it matched me perfectly. I love how it is a medium coverage so not to heavy on the skin. I highly recommend this to everyone.i love this product!! it lasts all day and its perfect for my skin. i have oily skin but i also have dry spots and this foundation didn't leave it uneven. its also good for people with scars on their face. I have a scar on my right cheek and with this foundation it is perfectly invisible.This product goes on very smooth and has a nice texture. Doesn't completely cover everything but I like how it lays on the face. It is a good feel in between thin and thick but if you put it all over your face with a sponge it may feel caked on, but using a brush it feels light. Lasts all day, comes off easy at night. Able to build up for more coverage.it's almost impossible for me to find a foundation that matches my skin tone and y255 was a perfect match for me! this foundation is super long lasting and the coverage is easy to build up.I loved this foundation! I've been using a Sephora collection one for months and when I found this one- I fell in love. It evens out my skin, but still feels breathable. It's comfortable and light but covers everything up.This product is perfection! The consistency, the color match, the texture and feel on my skin is all 5 star. I am a minimalist when it comes to foundation, but I am SO into this product. I am so excited to be in love with it!This foundation has a silky smooth texture which makes the application process flawless. It has a lighter coverage but is buildable. It worked really well with my skin tone. I love how there are so many shades. My skin is super oily and the foundation lasts an entire day for me. I highly recommend this product.I got this foundation thanks to Influenster! It has a very pretty finsih and texture i just do not think it is very full coverage. I had a bit of trouble building it up but I like the way it looked on my skin. I have normal to dry skin and this gave me a semi dewy finish.Thank you Make Up For Ever for the Ultra HD Foundation sample!!
 I had low hopes for this foundation due to my experiences with the Ultra HD Stick foundation. The first day i wore this foundation it lasted a FULL WORK DAY, which is something that the stick foundation was not able to do. This was a FULL COVERAGE and it was a great finish it did not leave me feeling like a oily mess. I was very surprised that I enjoyed this.Obsessing over this foundation. The color is perfect on my skin tone and I love that it doesn't feel too heavy, since I like a natural look. It's totally buildable and also doesn't make me break out, even if I wear it morning to night! Highly recommend!!I absolutely love this foundation -- I have been wanting to try it for quite some time, and finally got my hands on a free sample. It is SO lightweight -- I wore it all day and it felt just like my normal skin, but still had the coverage I needed. I have pretty oily skin, and it did not create any extra oil or give me extra shine throughout the day. It applied so smoothly and blended right in with my skin.I am obsessed with this foundation. It covers so well and leaves my skin feeling great. It doesn't cake at all and really lasts all day! I have very dry skin and this formula helps with that. I definitely think this is worth every penny.I received this free through PR. Its a great buildable, blendable, medium coverage foundation. I highly recommend this for all skin types. Can be applied with fingers, brushes, or my favorite; the beauty blender.This is one of my favorite foundations of all time. Its super light weight, blends like a dream, and photographs beautifully. This is one of very few foundations that I rotate around for my "everyday" makeup looks. I live in hot, humid Florida and it withstands the heat. I have combo/oily skin and after I powder my t-zone I know I'm set until I get home from work. I even got my mom on this foundation! I was scared when they reformulated it, but it's still a staple!(This foundation was sent to me from Makeup Forever through IG but the thoughs on the foundation are all my own. I had this particular foundation already)I was so used to going towards full coverage foundations for the fact that my skin is so oily so I felt like that was the only way for my skin to look even and matte until I recieved this product to test out. I was kind of unsure of using a medium coverage foundation at first but I actually really like it. I still use a mattifying primer for my oily skin. But the formal itself is easy to manage and blend into your skin. After it sets it honestly feels like I'm not even wearing make up its so light! When I wore it to my job a lot of customers and co workers complimented me on how natural and nice my skin looked. Definitely worth the try and I definitely recommend it!As a huge fan of the original Ultra HD, when I first used the Ultra HD liquid, I was surprised by the thinner consistency and coverage. The finish is Demi-matte. It wears well, even without powder, however I do suggest priming if you have combo or oily skin. The coverage is build able, medium coverage and is best used with a small dense buffing brush. Thumbs up!I received this complimentary from influenster for reviewing purposes. I had used this before and i had forgotten about how much i loved it , it's great for photography and it comes in a great range of colors. I love how light way it feel on the skin i apply it with a beauty blender in a patting motion . This foundation needs to be set with a powder specially if you have oily or combination skin like me. I set my tzone since that's where i get the most oily. I truly recommend it .I love the color of this but found that it settled into my fine lines and wrinkles (coming up on 40) and unless my skin was very well exfoliated and moisturized the foundation just seemed to sit on top. When I added moisturizer to it...it worked much better!After receiving this foundation I was a little hesitant to try it because I was so set on my current fav. However, I gave it a try one day and I fell in love!!! It is very lightweight but full coverage. Completely easy to blend out and the color selection is tremendous. Photographs superbly well and does not leave white shadows with flash photographyI absolutely love it ! Thank you Influenster for sending it to me to review it and give my honest review. I actually have been wanting to try this foundation and when I hear I got the vox box I was more then happy. I love itI am loving this foundation. I have normal, clear skin so no major problems to worry about. This foundation brightens my complexion and makes me feel confident with lightweight coverage. It lasts all day and looks fresh after a long day at work. 
 I received this product as a free sample.This is my favorite foundation ever. I probably won't ever switch from using this. I received this product for free for testing purposes, but I've purchased this in the past, and I will continue to do so. It's build-able, light, and definitely works when it comes to coverage. It's great in photos as well! I can't say enough good things about this!My favorite part about this makeup is how lightweight it feels on my face. I'm usually not one to wear liquid foundation (more of a powder kind of girl), but this foundation has made me a believer! 
 I love wearing this during the day + on the weekends when I don't want a lot of makeup on. It genuinely feels like I'm not wearing anything at all!
 I would say this foundation is light/medium in the coverage department. So when going out for an evening or when I have breakouts - I will definitely need to apply a little heavier or add some powder on top.So a couple days ago, I received my Influenster VoxBox that including the Ultra HD Foundation and well as the Ultra HD Stick. I adore them both! The non-stick foundation went on so smooth and beautiful. I can't believe how well it blended and how long it stayed amazing! Highly recommend this Foundation!I really enjoy this foundation. It is very light weight with full coverage. It does not hide my freckles but I am one that likes my freckles and likes that it does not hid them completely. It wears really well and lasts all day. I do not feel like I have cake face and I can feel relieved that this foundation will cover any redness or discoloration in my skin.Amazed ! Y385 is a perfect match for my medium-tan skin tone for reference about an NC40. I love how this foundation literally melts into the skin and looks like skin! It last all day, its weightless and has a good medium buildable coverage. There is a catch , I find it doesn't work well with silicone primers . I found it didn't set well with a silicone primer and it would separate. I recommend silicone free like the Hangover primer. I'm pretty happy with this foundation , I highly recommend you give it a try .I absolutely love this foundation, this is the only other foundation i use aside from the naked urban decay bb cream. I usually mix the two together if i want a more easy going look. This product is amazing i must say for one it really covers up my little flaws, its not to heavy when wearing and last all day, its a very light feel to it. So you dont feel like you are wearing a ton of foundation.I received this is as a free sample to test out and I have to say, I didn't know what to expect. When it arrived I was pleasantly surprised at how soft the product was to apply. While it didn't cover my freckles, it evened out my skin tone and covered up any red spots. I applied this product with a beauty blender. Just be careful when you're active because it does wipe off sorta easy. I recommend setting this foundation with a loose powder.I absolutely LOVE this. Not only do I use this for me but I use it for my clients who don't want to look like they're wearing makeup, or hate the "Cakey" feeling and look. this is buildable to a full coverage and the color options work amazing with south Asian/ middle eastern skin tones.I love this foundation! I've used it for 3 years (and just now received and additional sample.) It makes my skin look flawless and is perfect for winter time.Love this foundation! Very lightweight but covers my skin imperfections really well. It's blendable as well. I got this as a free trial but expected it to be great since it's from Makeup For everI'm a fan of skin and pores and dewiness so I don't normally wear foundation... I like this foundation formula because it feels very natural and is like a blurry dream on my skin. I buffed a little into my cheeks and t-zone, it feels weightless and gives me that glowy, filter-in-real-life look. It also lasted a full work day, I got home from work and still looked fresh.I really like this makeup. It really covers a lot. I would recommend this product. The only thing about it I am not super crazy about is that it is a bit thick. It does show your wrinkles a bit. It does smell good and a bit citrusy!I received this product to try and I absolutely live it! It is a wonderful product and is so light when putting it on! It truly feels like I'm not wearing any foundation! I definitely recommend!A very light to medium coverage foundation. I absolutely loved how natural it looks on my skin. I have oily skin and this foundation stayed on all day. I blotted here and there and my skin still looks lawless. I absolutely love it and I would totally recommend it to every skin type.This foundation is very light weight and is a medium coverage but is buildable. When I wear the foundation, I can not even tell I am wearing makeup but it still gives me a natural looking medium to full coverage complexion. My only complaint is that for me, it is not extremely long wearing. I do notice separation throughout the day. However, overall, I really enjoy this product.I've always wanted to try a more full coverage foundation, and the Ultra HD was on the top of my list. I received a full sized sample from Influenster, and was enthralled to give it a try! I always shy away from a full on application, so I combined it with the UD Naked Skin BB Cream to sheer it out a bit. The combination applied beautifully, now it's time to see if it lasts all day long like I've read it will.I love this foundation. It is thin and takes a few pumps to cover my entire face, but the coverage is light and builds easily. It last all day long and looks just as good after 12 hours of wear. Will be repurchasing!I recieved this foundation complimentary to test out from Influenster and Makeup Forever. I couldn't wait to try it out because I have heard so many people say it is their all-time favorite foundation. Now I completely understand why, it has great coverage, photographs so well and lasts throughout the day. I can't wait to wear it again the next time I do my makeup. My new favorite foundation for sure! Thanks Influenster and makeup forever, you're the bomb!I used to love to regular HD but this is so much better! The coverage is nice and buildiable! If you have Acne Prone skin make sure to wear concealer and spot conceal thoughI'm not a foundation girl, normally I stick to BB creams or tinted SPF. However, I was blown away by this product. The product melted into my skin and didn't have a cakey effect. My skin really did look flawless! Also, I'm very oily and most foundations makes this problem worse. I look oily and the foundation melts off. Not this stuff! Highly recommend to girls who want a foundation but don't want to feel like they have to constantly touch up.This foundation is super light weight while providing great coverage. I LOVE how easy it goes on and it feels like i'm not wearing any foundation at all! 4 stars because it has a little bit of an orange tint for my olive skin, but perhaps I need a different shade!as an asian-american, i've had a hard time finding foundation that truly matches my skin. usually even the most yellow-tones are still not yellow enough, or i end up looking sallow and sickly. this foundation PERFECTLY matches my skin, virtually disappearing.the texture is perfect + buildable - it's perfect for me if i want to step up my usual CC cream base. overall this was a 100% win - i highly suggest it !Surprisingly, I'm an avid Bobbi brown foundation wearer but love the way this foundation feels so light, I am a teacher so I love foundations that I don't have to reapply and I can simply say this is long wear foundationI was timid to try this foundation at first, but after using it I absolutely fell in love. I would highly recommend it, and will be using it again! I can't wait to try the other products within this makeup line.I don't use foundation daily, but when I do I've used Naked foundation for the last year. I think this foundation was very comparable as it feels really light and moisturizing on my skin. I especially liked it because it was build able and a little goes a long way. 
 The only thing I don't like about the packaging is how easy the cap falls off. This is especially annoying for me as I travel often and am always concerned about makeup spilling in my bag.I got this as a free sample from influenster and I all though it was thinner than what I anticipated I had a decent coverage. It lasted a good amount of time but I had to apply powder a couple times because it started to get really shiny. Recommended for an everyday use.I was surprised at how much I liked this foundation! I was expecting it to be thick and cling to my dry patches. I have extremely dry skin and lately I've had acne that left my skin flaky too(that's a recipe for cake face no matter what you do.) The formula of this foundation is almost like a serum but hydrating too, which I really like. It has medium to full coverage, it's buildable, and it looked amazingly smooth and dewy on my problematic skin. The best part is how good this looks on camera. As a YouTuber my camera picks up every little detail, so it's hard to find a foundation that covers great but looks natural. This really makes my skin look flawless in pictures, you wouldn't even know I have acne or dryness if I didn't tell you. I'm so happy I received this free from Influenster to test out. Thank you Make Up For Ever for sending me this to try! I'm very grateful! <3I really loved the formula it was thinner than my regular foundation but the coverage was still great lasted all night didn't get caked up or oily felt lighter on my skin than my normal foundation. I've always wanted to try this foundation and influenster gave me the chance to test it out and I'll definitely be sticking to it!This is actually one of my favorite foundations. I'm a photographer and beauty blogger so I appreciate that it photographs so well and its medium coverage and super buildable and looks very natural. Even with oily/combo skin it wears great on me throughout the day. I apply it both with a beauty blender and with a synthetic face brush and both make it look beautiful. I can't complain too much about my skin as it just gets a little oily in the t-zone and I don't get acne often! So it may work better for me than others. But, I personally love it! I attached a cell phone snap of the color and finish.I received this foundation as a free sample through influenster. It used to be one of my holy grail foundations years ago before they reformulated it, and this was my first time trying it again since then. I found it to be very similar to the old formula. It has medium to buildable coverage, feels light and breathable, and blends flawlessly. My favorite way to apply it is with a beauty blender. my skin is very dry and I have to make sure I moisturize before I use it, or else it emphasizes the dryness and fine lines on my forehead and nose. Besides that, I really like the foundation on days when I don't feel extra dry.I was lucky enough to receive this foundation through Influenster to try out! I have tried this foundation before, but that was a while ago. I remember I really liked it back then. However, now that I have tried more foundations from different brands I don't really like this foundation as much. The coverage is light to medium and it is buildable. For the price, I don't think it's worth it!I have oily to moderately combination skin, and have the hardest time keeping foundations on my face through the day. The first day I wore this, I didn't even set it with a powder, and this perfect creation, this pure soul of a foundation, she stuck by me, and on me. Bless you Makeup forever, and your saints that create these formulas. Thanks to you and influenster, you have earned a lifelong customer.I received this product free for review from Influenster. I have oily, aging (40) skin. I used a beauty blender to apply the foundation. This foundation didn't settle in to my pores or fine lines. It doesn't feel heavy or cakey. I would consider it a light coverage foundation. Overall I like this foundation a lot. If you've been thinking about trying it, I would say it's definitely worth a try.I am super picky about liquid foundation but this is really so blendable and smooth! It also matches my skin tone super well, and stays on all day! I definitely recommend (but not for those with dry skin as it is slightly drying)This foundation is long lasting and goes on very smooth. It is also very lightweight and doesn't feel like I have any make up on. It stays on during my long 9 hour days without touching up. A++I recieved the MAKE UP FOR EVER ULTRA hd invisible cover FOUNDATION as a sample from influenster, I was so happy i had tried and used MAKE UP FOR ever before and liked their formula , I love that it it easy to blend , so smooth and good coverage , I defiantly recommend itI recieved this product through Influenster to test out and I am really pleased with it. I like this because I normally go for full coverage but on days where I don't want to wear too much I'll reach for this. I love the finish and the way it lays on my skin. Thumbs up!Received this as a free sample to try from Influenster. What I liked most about this foundation was that it truly felt weightless even though I was getting a flawless coverage. I'm used to much heavier liquid foundations, and this formula was noticeably different from the first drop. I had some trouble keeping a matte look with it, but could have been me not using enough powder. Will definitely be switching up my products and throwing this one in!I absolutely love this foundation! One of the best foundations ever. It doesn't feel thick on your skin or heavy. It's flawles and amazing. I say buy it and try it for yourself! You will love this foundation, it is great coverage and absolutely perfect for all skin typesI was given this foundation through Influenster to try and review. I was so pleased with how well the color matches my skin. It is so lightweight and really feels like skin. It's very buildable and covers unevenness incredibly well!I am in love with this foundation. It felt weightless on my skin, but gave such great coverage that lasted all day! It did shine put a bit, but with a matte primer or powder it took care of it! I definitely recommend you try this out!This foundation is one of the best I have ever tried! Ultra light-weight foundation with medium coverage and a nice satin finish. Personally I go for more dewy finish, however it's perfect if I'm going to be out doing things in the heat!I got this product sent to me by Influenster but I'm so glad because I wouldn't of on my own! I've always wanted to try this brand out! I think the color was spot on and also, definitely had good coverage, I felt like it was a little bit watery, which I'm not a big fan off but overall not bad at all!!I love this foundation. It's more of a medium to full coverage, and lasts all day. It sits on my skin nicely and doesn't form any weird lines or patches and there's a color to match my skin, which is uncommon! *I received this product for free to try and review.Great formula! I was recently chosen to test this foundation as a sample in Influensters Makeup Forever Voxbox. I fell in love with this foundation and I must say it is my new go to!Could this be my new favorite foundation?1 I do not know where to begin! First off, this comes with a pump which makes it a lot easier and more sanitary to get foundation out. I would say this foundation is not thick but very build-able (A huge plus in my books) I wouldn't say this is long lasting, made because I have very oily skin. Color matches nicely and all in all a great foundation.I have used Make up forever foundations since I first heard of how amazing coverage it gives and I have to say this is one of my most Favorite Foundation. It gives you such a flawless finishing look, so light weight. It does not even feel like you have anything on your face. And to top it off, it lasts all day long! I love it!Thank you make up for ever for sending me a Foundation sample. The under tone was a perfect match. It was very blendable and lasted a long time. Only negative is that it rubbed off around my nose quickly.I was so excited to get this product in a voxbox from influenster! Makeup For Ever is one of my favorite brands, so I was super excited to try this foundation. I found the formula to have a very smooth finish and offer medium coverage, though it was very buildable. It also held up well over several hours of wear. I'm only giving it 4 out of 5 stars because I'm more of a fan of full coverage.Feels great on my skin and perfect match on my skin tone. I love the full coverageI don't mind #ultraHDGeneration. I think I am going to stop into Sephora and see if they can show me how to apply it. I have oily skin and j feel like it starts pooling in places. But I love how light it feels on my skin!This is a good medium coverage foundation, but I have tried better foundations.Applied in one layer it gives a lightweight medium coverage, looking more on the natural side. From afar, the skin looks flawless; if you look very close you can see the foundation. If I tried to add more, it would only make things worse.It photographs well, but spots and dark circles need to be covered with something with fuller coverage.The foundation stays well through the day, but it starts to separate after 8-9 hours.I ordered this online and was nervous that it wouldn't match by slightly yellow/olive skin tone, as foundations normally look just a bit off on me. I was pleasantly surprised at how natural this appeared on my face. The consistency is medium thickness liquid and felt light on my skin. It wears well throughout the day with no creasing or caking. I don't need much for my face so I imagine this bottle will last me quite a while. No complaints!this foundaton looks great and natural for the first few hours but i found it didnt stay on long. i used primer and a setting spray and i had to reapply about 5 times in one day.I was happy to receive this product for review from Influenster. This foundation is magic. It photographs beautifully. Amazing coverage with a semi matte finish. I have oil skin so i prime really well but this foundation stands the test of time. I wore it for 12+ hours and it stayed in tact. Please note that i did blot oils througout the day but i always expect that. I just think this formulation is unmatched.Love!I got this foundation in my influenster box! I like the foundation but its not that great for my skin, i have super oily skin and it just doent sit well on it, but other then that i love the coverageI received this foundation for free from Influenster and MakeupForever. As long as I've been doing makeup I had never tried this foundation. I'm so glad I was able to try this out because I have not put it down since then! I am now wanting to toss out my other foundations I have in my kit and replace them with these. This looks amazing on the skin. It is definitely medium to full coverage but you can of course get the coverage you want. I highly recommend this product. It photographs beautifully as well!I'm always in search of a good foundation that truly matches African-American skin. This was a very pleasant surprise! The foundation is light (in texture) and gives great coverage. The color match was perfect. 
 I received a sample of this foundation via Influenster.I received this complimentary from Influenster and I can't thank them enough!This makes my skin flawless and fierce, I got rid of every other foundation in my bag!!I was very lucky to receive this awesome foundation for free from Influenster. Got tell you, my skin looks natural and great with this foundation. I was looking for a light weight natural-looking fondant ion and finally found it. Very happy with it. I'll definitely buy it when mine is done.Just want to start by saying I received this product for free via Influenster. I used this product with the smash box original primer and was very pleased with the result. My skin looked and felt great and photographed well. After a full 7/8 hour day it did start to show dry patches as well as oil in my T zone but great product for shorter days!I used this foundation years ago and was impressed, but after about two weeks, my skin decided that it didn't like it. I was chosen through Influenster to try this product for free and I don't know if the formulation has changed or what, but I'm loving the way that my skin looks with it on. I have a lot of problems with my foundation always being too dark for my skin, but they have a great range of shades. The formula is not heavy at all. The foundation coverage starts out as medium but is buildable. I love how smoothly it went out and stayed put. IT DIDN'T OXIDIZE. I'm in love.First of all, I have to say that I got to try this foundation thanks to Influenster. Now that we got that out of the way, I have to say that I'm so glad i got a chance to try it. I'm a huge fan of MUFE foundation; I have the stick and the old formula of face and body that I LOVE, and this one didn't disappoint. I think that it gives me such a great finish, I almost look filtered in the pictures. It stays on all day long, thanks to the primer and setting spray, I'm sure. But overall it's great and I highly recommend it!First off I'd like to start off by saying I received this free from influenster & makeup forever to test out but my review is my own and is not influenced anyway. I love this foundation. It REALLY does make your face look flawless on and off camera. HOWEVER. The one down side is that if you have dry skin, after a few hours it does cling on to the dry spots making you look flakey a bit. However, I heard smashbox's primer helps with this so I'm gonna test that out! I used it with a beauty blender and it blended perfectly!I was lucky to be able to review this from Influenster and I am so happy I was! It is a great foundation. I applied with my beauty blender and it gave great coverage. Lasted all day and I was very impressed! Thank you Make Up For Ever for the Ultra HD Foundation sample.From the moment I put this on my beauty blender I knew it was going to be amazing! Such a creamy, but light weight, formula that really blends well into my skin tone. It has great coverage and lasted well for a full 8-hour workday without creating those hideous creases/smile lines near my mouth like some other foundations have a bad habit of doing. I'm so impressed with how foolproof and easy to use this foundation is. Its definitely the newest staple in my everyday makeup routine!I just got this Make Up Forever foundation in the mail from Influenster and holy cow I did not think I would love it this much. I have tried so many foundations and have been using Tarte's amazonian clay foundation lately but this is so much better. Amazing coverage that stays in place all day. Its my new favorite for sure.This foundation has blown my mind. On a day-to-day basis I usually only wear a BB cream or tinted moisturizer. But when I want to spruce things up or get dolled up for date night, this is my GO TO. It applies smoothly with brush, beauty blender or fingertips and it photographs so well (which is important in this selfie generation) I will definitely re-purchase!Super creaming. Medium coverage and is totally buildable. Has a slight pink undertone but can easily be mixed with a bronzer to combat that.I received a free sample and not only is the color perfect for my skin, I love the coverage. It is just the right consistency for my liking. This is a new staple for sure.I got the color r230 and it's a pretty good match for me. The consistency is nice, it's a little thick but in a good way, it feels good on the skin not to heavy. I find the best way for me to apply it is with a damp beauty blender, it's just so quick and easy that way.it wears pretty well throughout the day it does wear off a little on my nose and the sides of my nose but it isn't to big of a dealI really loved how full coverage this foundation is. I do have oily skin and this seemed to actually help that. This really is a life saver.I think this has a nice finish. Go easy with application to the skin and blend quickly with a soft brush. Still like the liquid better.The color matched my skin perfectly. It also felt extremely lightweight on my skin, while also giving me great coverage. I did not a matte primer on my skin before hand, which I think helped control my oil. Overall, it's a great product and I would purchase again.This is probably my absolute favourite foundation. I have oily but dehydrated skin and always had trouble finding something that looked natural and stayed on and this product combined with a good primer was honesty my life saver. RECCOMENDED 100%This foundation is amazing. It is really light but provides a full coverage without looking cakey. It doesnt wear off throughout the day and it doesnt get oily. It really works on all skin types and blended into my skin color perfectly.I've been searching for a new foundation for quite some time & I am so in love with this product. It goes on smooth, lasts all day and leaves my face feeling like it's not caked with makeup. Highly recommend & I can't wait to keep using it and telling all my friends about it!I received this product complimentary in exchange for my honest review. I have always wanted to try it, and am so glad I did! it applies wonderfully with my Morphe M439 brush. The shade sort of melts into my skin and doesn't look cakey. I wore this for the whole day at an amusement park, and still looked fresh faced after 10 hours. I'll totally get more of this for the Winter months!First, I would like to thank vox box for my sample of this foundation. I really like the liquid formula, it sits very well on the skin. It is medium coverage, however it is not very buildable. Also, it requires setting so that it doesn't move around on the skin. Overall, I think that it is a good product.I received this product complimentary for testing and was extremely excited to see if it would live up to my expectation. I was pleased that it exceeded them. First, I consider myslelf a hard match, but it was perfect. Rarely am I able to find a good match and full coverage and this foundation did both for me. I also love the finish. My skin is combination DRY and I prefer a dewy finish. I used a beauty blender to apply and it ended uo being a true skin finish. Not too matte or dewey. I am loving this Ultra HD Foundation! Thank you Influenster and Makeup Forever!!Excellent build able coverage. My face looked flawless within seconds. matched my skin perfectly and didn't caked me up. Easy application. I got this Free for testing purposes by influenster.The only positive thing I have to say about this foundation is that it was a perfect color match. I have mostly dry/combination skin and this made me look awful. It's by far the worst foundation I've ever used. It wouldn't blend. It looked caked on even when applied with a light layer and beauty blender. The worst thing about this foundation is it broke up all over my face. It's awful, don't waste your money.I admittedly am new to wearing foundation but the MUFE Ultra HD invisible cover foundation left my face looking airbrushed. I received this in a voxbox to try so I wasn't sure what to expect. The formula of the foundation is very thin/liquid-like (unlike the thicker BB-creams I've used in the past) and I used a kabuki brush to apply it to my face. It really evened out my skin tone and made my face look flawless. It felt like I was wearing photoshop on my face.this foundation isn't long-wearing at all. it faded away throughout the day and eithin a few hours, i was left with patchy, uneven skin that was cakey in some places and non-existent in others. also, no matter which shade i tried this washed me out and made me look completely flat.This is a really good foundation. When I first received mine it looked darker in the bottle than when I pumped it out. The color looked really good once it settled into my skin. I will say this has many positives! It really made my skin look as if I wasn't wearing foundation and that surprised me in the best way! I have uneven skin tone and this covered that very well. I love the feel of it in that it doesn't feel like i have anything on! The variety of shades is great so it can match nearly every skin tone. It photographs well and makes you look like the natural beauty you are!The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because of the few cons i have about it: the foundation doesn't last as long as others and it transfers pretty easily.I've been in a foundation rut lately and when I was lucky enough to have received a free sample of thus foundation to try, I was more than willing to give it a go! It was super easy to apply and blend out. I love how full coverage it is without being heavy in the skin. It did wear fairly long but I did set it with a powder.The color in foundation is easily bendable and really does give full coverage. I think it's coverage rivals that of the Amazonian Clay from Tarte. I have the shade R230 and it matches my skin perfectly. I love the formula of it, it's study and not too watery. However, the price point isn't ideal but it's a great quality product and I am so happy to be using it.I am in love! Easy to apply and blends so well. It doesn't emphasize my pores or look cakey. I can usually stand heavy makeup but this one is SO light that a variety of people could wear it and love it as well.Got this as a sample from influenster and I am obsessed! Really great coverage without looking caked on or too thick. Easy to apply and lasts all day. Gave me a great dewy look with even skin toneI actually tried this after buying the regular HD foundation. I do like the original but for some reason the Ultra HD seems to sit better on on skin. It doesn't last as long as I would prefer but for the most part it lasts for around 8 hours (which isn't too bad). I also like that I can build this foundation up if I need more coverage. The color match is PERFECT, I was actually surprised how well it blended with my skin tone. It looks beautiful when first applied, it can sometimes settle into fine lines if you don't set it, however. But its one of my top 5 favorites so I would recommend it for someone who is looking for a soft and natural foundation that will make your skin look perfect without having a cake face.This is a great foundation! I tend to have a lot of redness in my skin and this foundation does a great job at neutralizing that redness and giving me a nice even tone. I also have combination skin and this foundation helps combat oiliness while still covering dry patches. The color is also a great match for me skin. I'm not sure that I love this brand quite as much as my go to Urban Decay product, but this will definitely be something that I wear!I had not found a HG foundation until I across this one. I was already using the original HD foundation which i liked, but wasn't my HG. I fell in love with this foundation the moment i put it on. The color is perfect, the coverage is amazing (i love that you can build the coverage, i can really sheer it down when i don't want to wear too much makeup) and the feel is what sold me. It really feels like you're not wearing anything on your skin but it look FLAWLESS. Specially in pictures, skin looks super smooth and radiant. Will keep purchasing for sure! :)I am so pleased with this product! The coverage is excellent and it feels light and comfortable on my skin all day long.This is by far my favorite foundation! I use it literally everyday. I have combination skin, and it doesn't make my face oily, while it doesn't make me feel dry. It's super light on the skin, I never feel as though I am wearing to much makeup when I don't need to be, but I can build up my level of coverage as well! Another great characteristic is that it doesn't make me have breakouts. Favorite foundation, I recommend it to all of my friends!!This foundation is great at evening out skin tone and giving a perfect amount of medium coverage. It doesn't last as long as I would like and seems to come off easily during exercise. But it is a great daily foundation and awesome at covering slight imperfections.It's a good foundation overall. Medium coverage, lightweight, buildsble. Only problem is that it's NOT suitable for oily skin. I have super oily skin and within 2-3 hours it looks like you can make fries on my face.I ran out of my regular foundation and got a color match. Because I have a lot of weddings this fall, the associate recommended the foundation as it's meant for photography and film. I didn't like it. The formula was streaky on my face and cakey. I had caked on patches all over my face. I tried with with a primer and without. I applied it with a brush and then tried a beauty blender. I typically moisturize but then tried using more/less because of the patchiness. Believe me, I wanted to like this foundation but couldn't get it to work for me even with varied techniques.I recieved this foundation from thr make up forever voxbox. And i wanted to get excited over it. But it felt so cakey. And so hard to blend...but over all it got the job done. I can say this does give you a photo edit finish. Ill continue to use it mixed with another foundation which seems to help out a bit. But i probably wont go out of my way to buy this once im all outI wanted to love this product as much as all the youtuber's raved about this but unfortunately it just didn't work out that way. This foundation sets very nicely and looks very natural but i find that mid-day i start getting oily and the foundation moves around a lot and starts to show my red spots. I would at least want for it to last the full work day at the very least.This foundation matches my skin tone perfectly and good for hiding imperfectionsThis foundation has beautiful coverage and works great for my olive skin tone. It is not the best foundation that I have ever used, but it is one of the best!I was sent this product free from Influenster for the sole purpose of sharing how I feel about it.
 I can honesty say I love it. I was excited when I received it because I have heard so many great things about it. The hype is real you guys. It is such a thin foundation but is also full coverage which is amazing. I was honestly shocked at how thin of a consistency it was. This is my favourite foundation, especially since it is still hot where I am. It holds up pretty well since it is so thin.
 Definitely worth trying if you have been considering it and wasnt sure if it holds up to the hype.Already tried this twice and I love how it left me face looking flawless. Very dewy product and get for my oily face. Was really impressed with this foundation, recommend.I received this and the matching concealer as a sample and I LOVE them! The foundation is super light weight and provided pretty good coverage. The two products blended amazing together. This is definitely my new go to foundation!!I received this foundation as a sample to try. It provided medium coverage for me and blended out well. I used a flat top kabuki brush to buff this foundation into my skin and feel that this may have lessened the coverage I received from this product. I set the product with my IT cosmetics translucent powder and it looked beautiful. The finish on this foundation is Demi-matte. My only complaint with this product is that it did not wear well through my whole day. A few hours after application I had to touch up my powder because I felt that my skin appeared oily. After the powder touch up it looked fine and I was able to go about my day. All in all 4 out of 5 stars, pretty solid foundation.This foundation is really nice. It provides excellent color control. It comes in a pump and don't judge it by the pump. Once applied it covers almost flawlessly. It's smooth and provides somewhat of a moonlight glow. Your skin looks healthy. I was very pleased with this product. It is definitely long lasting and the appearance of your skin once this is applied is unbeatable. I haven't found a foundation anything like this Ever. Try it. You'll like it. Make Up Forever HD #ULTRAHDGENERATIONI've been eyeing this foundation forever but kept backing out of buying it and now that I have it I regret not getting it sooner! I'm wearning it in medium beige (R370) and its perfect. If you put on one layer it truly is invisible. My boyfriend commented on how great my skin was looking and when I told him I had foundation on he was shocked! This stuff is awesome, if you are on the edge about buying, just go for itOkay so I received this as a sample and oh my god! Look no further for the perfect foundation. I have oily and ance prone skin. This covers everything and keeps my face matte for over 12 hours without any setting spray!! I literally can't say enough good things about it. And best of all it didn't break my face out at all and it doesn't smell terrible like most stick foundations. I truly love this and will be buying it from here on out when I need a new foundation.Makeup forever liquid HD foundation is my holy grail! My skin is not great and it does an excellent job at fully covering my uneven skin tone and blemishes. I use it with the beauty blender and it is my favorite way of applying. I have combination skin and my breakouts tend to be a lot dryer. I think this foundation seamlessly blends my imperfections.The Ultra HD Liquid & Stick Foundation are both amazing products. At first when using the liquid foundation I was afraid it the product would be oily because of how it came out of the pump. But when I put it on it was so soft and moisturizing too! It was the perfect coverage and with this a little really does go a long way. I've used a lot of foundations before and although make up for ever is a little on the pricy side I would honestly recommend it because it's worth it.I'm a foundation lover because I have a lot to cover up. Acne scars mainly, but this does pretty well! Goes on smooth, doesn't cake up, and it lasts.I love this Foundation! It matches perfect to my skin and looks so natural! I use mine with a beauty blender to get a better blend since my skin is on the dryer side.Let me just start by saying that as a low maintenance girl when it comes to makeup, I had never even entertained the idea of liquid foundation, ever. It always seemed daunting and high maintenance and never seemed to blend with anyone's skin and just generally a pain in the butt. I was all about the mineral powder finished off with a bit of blush. Until this little website called Influenster came along and sent me a sample of Make Up For Ever's Ultra HD Invisible Cover Foundation and Foundatiom Stick. The liquid foundation is fantastic! Goes on very light, you can't even feel it, and doesn't look streaky or cakey. It blends right into your skin and leaves a smooth, dewy finish. Definitely a converted foundation girl!I've been using this foundation with my BeautyBlender and it looks so natural in my skin. It gives me medium to full coverage using very little product, yet it's also easily build able. Love this foundation for everyday because of its lightweight feel, yet great coverage!Even though I received this product for free from Influenster, I will always write an honest review. And I can honestly say, this product is a god send for my combo skin with dry patches. I have very sensitive skin and I'm prone to break outs. This foundation has done wonders to not only keep my skin looking flawless but also covers up my acne scars. The huge color variety is truly impressive and I was able to be color matched by a wonderful sephora employee. My only con is that this product is expensive but it is also very full coverage, meaning a little will go a long way. I cannot recommend this enough for all skin types and when I run out, I will absolutely re-purchase.It's not cakey that's always great, goes on smoothly I didn't have a problem applying it with a beauty blender however I did have to build it on my checks and nose since this are my red arreas I think it has a nice prettt finish to it it's not matte. I recommend this to someone with dry to combination skinI absolutely love this foundation! It is so full coverage and hides any redness and imperfections in my skin! I have combination skin and often times get dry patches in problem areas. This foundation did NOT cling to my dry spots!! I am in love! Worth every penny! I was sent the foundation by Influenster for reviewing purposes, but I truly love this foundation!I recived this product free to sample and I really wanted to love it but I'm just not too crazy about it. It gives great coverage but throughout the day my skin got dry and cakey not the best feelingI received this product free to test from Influenster. I had been wanting to try this foundation for a long time after reading great reviews and hearing beauty bloggers rave about it. It does provide nice, lightweight coverage but it is definitely NOT a full coverage foundation in my opinion. I have normal/oily skin and I applied it with a buffing brush over the MUFE oily skin primer and used a setting powder. It began to melt off my nose after a few hours. Overall this would be good for me to use for a few hours but definitely not something that I would wear if I wanted all day, matte skin. Again, in my opinion, it did not live up to all of the hype, but I just think I have a bit too oily of skin to use it.I received this foundation as a free sample from Influenster. However, I always give an honest review. I really enjoy using this foundation. There is such a large shade range, which is much appreciated. I use shade R230. It blends into the skin beautifully and has solid medium coverage. It wore for a fairly long time. I had some oil come through throughout the day, but a quick blot was not a problem for me. This will be a great foundation for me to use in the winter time. I would definitely repurchase this time in the future.I've used plenty of foundations on my skin to find a great fit to my oily skin....this one does the job! Not only does it give me a smooth noncakey application but it doesn't make me breakout like others. And the coverage is great for a normal day-to-day look.Fist time trying this foundation and I already fell in live with it. Medium coverage so its very light on the face and leaves face looking flawless too. Recommend everyone to try it.This foundation, is so nice and creamy. I thought it would be cakey since it is a stick foundation but, it's so easy to blend and it looks so flawless on!! Totally worth the price.THIS PRODUCT ACTUALLY LAST, HAS FULL COVERAGE, and goes on smooth. It doesn't leave your skin dry or greasy. Just smooth and perfection.This foundation is so nice. It doesn't feel heavy on my face. It also has nice medium coverage which allows me to build it up if I have a lot of acne. I received this product as a sample and this is my own opinionI have been searching for a products that stays on all day and I've finally found it! The coverage is buildable and I find myself using less product than I do with other brands. It goes on beautifully and really blends into your skin.I'm simply amazed at how great this foundation is! The coverage was great for my redness and skin discoloration. Applying it was super easy. I was a little worried about how I would fare with my not only dry but sensitive skin. The end result, however, was flawless and smooth. This will definitely become my new go-to foundation.This foundation is great--it's sheer to medium coverage that's buildable if you so desire. It was easy to apply with my beauty blender and my face didn't look cakey at all! The reason I'm giving it 4/5 stars however is that I didn't like how runny the product came out once it was dispensed from the container. Other than that, amazing product!Having tried their velvet matte foundation I already had high expectations. Fortunately, this didn't disappoint. I applied half of my face with a beauty blender & half with a brush. Both applied effortlessly with a satin finish. It can be worn for a "no makeup" makeup look or be built up to full coverage for a night out on the town. That's what I love most. How it can easily be taken from natural to full glam. Zero streaks, Zero patches, and evens out skin tone with ease. I have combination/senstive skin & didn't have any reactions to this formula which is exciting being that anything can cause a bad reaction in my skin. Needless to say I will certainly repurchase!I like the coverage! It doesn't feel heavy or cakey. Looks and feels like your own skin. It is a Demi matte finish, so I set it with a translucent powder since I am more oily. I received a sample to try from Influenster.I've really been liking this foundation. It's not thick whatsoever but very full coverage. It builds up nicely and dries down to a demi-matte finish without powder. I powder everyday anyways which just makes it last longer. I received this product as a free sample.I really love this foundation. It lasts all day doesn't make my skin feel too Cakey or oily. great color range a little pricy but worth itI received this free thru influenster. I was so excited because I've always wanted to try makeup forever but wasn't sure if it was worth the money. This stuff is awesome. The color I got was a little light but that's my fault! I love how silky smooth this product is and how natural it looks on the skin! It covers nicely, I'd say a medium coverage and also leaves your skin not completely matte but more of a natural matte. It looks like it's YOUR SKIN. It's pretty awesome!!Where do I even start with this foundation? I am always on the hunt for a foundation that gives full coverage, without it feeling heavy or cakey. MUFE Ultra HD does just that. The original formula was great, but this new Ultra formulation is next level amazingness! All you need is a few drops to take your skin from drab to FAB! My confidence level soars whenever I have this foundation on! Definitely recommend!!!This product was awesome, it makes your skin look amazing. It also makes it look so natural, and it goes on well. It doesn't make you look like you have pounds of makeup on your face! I would recommend this to everyone!I get a breakout once a month and have slight discoloration on my cheeks, nothing severe, but I still have to use a heavier foundation. This one have me great coverage but was light enough that it did not clog my pores and worsen my monthly breakout. It gave me a smooth even finish.This foundation is hands-down my new favorite. I apply it with a slightly damp beauty blender and it gives flawless coverage that still looks natural (not like I have a ton of product caked on). It is long-lasting and doesn't smudge off. I received this product from Influenster to test and all opinions are my own.I'm not a typical girl who goes for expensive foundations. So I rolled my eyes receiving this as a test product thinking just another expensive makeup that is like the cheap stuff.
 I couldn't be more wrong!!
 I swear I heard angels sing and felt like heaven was gliding across my face the first time I used it. Now I'm addicted and raving about this foundation. My skin feels so light and soft after applying this foundation which isn't typical with most foundations.
 Thanks for letting me try it out for free and showing me what real makeup should feel like!I like this foundation for days when I wear little makeup. It has a light coverage that is buildable, and it doesn't feel heavy on the skin. You need to set this foundation with powder if you want it to stay on throughout the day.i received this for free from influenster to test it. i have given up on finding a good foundation for my ridiculously oily skin but this foundation is a game changer. i like to go for the no makeup look so i like a more light-medium coverage. i used a beauty blender to apply it evened out my skin tone. I will definitely buy this when i run out.I absolutely love this foundation. I highly recommend this foundation for people that like very light weight foundation . It's so light with medium coverage. It's so amazing . The color fits my skin tone perfect ! And there are so many different shades there is something for everyone ! I have received this foundation as a free sample . I plan on repurchasing it after I am done with the first bottle .This make up goes on creamy and lasts all day. I look even better in pictures because of the HD effect. It's worth every penny!I love this foundation!!! I have received this as a free sample but it is amazing!! It has high coverage but looks flawless!!! Definitely a must have!!This foundation is seriously awesome. It applies flawlessly and works well with all of my other products. I love when people tell me that my skin looks amazing and that I also don't look like I'm wearing any foundation. And that's because it isn't cakey like most other foundations. It is also buildable. This is an awesome product and Makeup Forever is killing the game. (I received this product complimentary for testing purposes)I absolutely love this foundation! Medium coverage and they have many shades to choose from so you can find the perfect fit! I would recommend this foundation to anyone. I also have dry skin and it covers my dry spots without a problem.I've been wanting to try both this product as well as the HD stick for months now and never got around to it, but was fortunate enough to receive BOTH for FREE from influenster! Can I just say it's everything I'd hoped and more? This product, specifically, blends like a dream. The coverage is to die for, and even as a mixer with my other foundations it really just shines! I'd expect nothing less from MUFE. My only complaint is that I believe the shade I received was a tad too dark for me, but is nothing some color correcting couldn't fix! I'm blown away, really. 2 thumbs up, MUFE!The formula was just a little too creamy for me. I love MAKE UP FOREVER products, but have never tried this foundation. I like waterbased foundations more than this. It felt a little cake-y, but had great coverage. It lasted theoughout the day too. Great product, just not for me! Thank you MAKE UP FOREVER for sending me this product.I am so happy this walked into my life. I feel like I never find a foundation that does everything I need. I don't have much to cover up as far as scars or spots but my skin tone is just uneven. Dark Circles take over my life and oil lives all over my zone. Im honestly surprised no employees at Sephora ever recommended this me because its amazing. I use an oval face brush and a primer and this just sinks into my skin and looks so perfect. All day I get compliments on my skin. I set it with a matte powder and matte spray and it holds all day. The color iq made it super easy to match me with my shade.I received the Make Up Forever Ultra HD Foundation in Ivory Beige, and even though my skin is very pale it suited me nicely. I have a ton of freckles on my face, so I have to have a full coverage foudadtion to covered all of them up, and this foundation covered up every single little freckle. Most of the time I end up giving up on foundation, because I have no luck finding a good kind; My luck has change. This foundation is great on my oily skin, and give me the appearence that my skin has been air brushed. I high recommend picking up this foundation for yourself.I received this product as a free sample to test out. I've heard great things about this foundation from friends and beauty lovers. I have acne-prone skin and always look for a full-coverage foundation. For years, I have been using Lancôme's Teint Idole 24H foundation and I love it. This product was pretty great in that it provided a nice, even coverage and did not feel heavy AT ALL. I was shocked at how a foundation could provide amazing coverage, yet feel so light! I prefer more of a matte finish, this definitely looked more dewy on my skin. The product comes in a wide range of colors which is a huge bonus. The foundation wore well throughout my 10 hour work day and felt good on. The only major problem I had with it is that I felt like I had to use a fair amount of product to get the coverage that I like.Overall, this is a quality, full coverage foundation that feels very light and leaves your skin glowy. I still prefer my Lancôme foundation over this product but would definitely recommend this product to a friend!I had never tried foundation from Make up Forever, I have to say I have definitely been missing out. It's light and creamy and makes my skin feel very soft, the color matches mine quite well. I am used to wearing matte everything but this is a nice change. It's not exactly full coverage but it's very good, I would recommend.I have found my soul mate in regards to foundations. This goes on so evenly and you don't need a lot of product for everyday wear. This is one of my favs.The original formula was the most amazing foundation i have tried! This one is just okay. I wish they would just keep both the formulas.This foundation's pro's: easy to blend, great selection of colors, doesn't seem heavy or cakey. Con's: it's a bit thin(even after shaking as the bottle states) it came out almost like water, but after a few more pumps it eventually thickened a bit. 
 The only other thing I would like to add is this isn't a full coverage product but is easy to build up and can become full coverage with two to three layers, and it still doesn't feel thick or heavy on skin. 
 I would recommend as a light coverage foundation, defiantly "invisible cover" I feel.This foundation both in stick and liquid form is phenomenal! The color payoff, blend ability, long wearing properties are awesome. They have a wide color selection for all skin tones which is also awesome! I would recommend this to anyone!Great product, great coverage, good for all skin types!I bought this at the Sephora counter per advice from the Sephora worker. She did the demo on my face and used the tool finder to get my color of foundation. The only thing I don't like is that it smudges off, so I have to buy another product to set it and I don't like to many products on my face.I absolutely love this foundation. I got sent the foundation stick and fluid as for testing purposes only and for my honest 100% review. And I absolutely love it. The perfect shade and everything. I love the coverage and amount given also. 10/10 MUFEI own both the Make up Forever HD stick foundation and this liquid one. While I admittedly consider the stick version my holy grail of all foundation brands, I do very much like this one too. It gives me good coverage and is able to match my skin tone well. I'm happy I got to try the #ultrahdgeneration as a sample. The stick version will remain my favorite but when I want to apply it with a beauty blender I opt for this one in liquid form. Love MUF!This foundation has very nice full coverage while feeling very light, it's not heavy or cakey on my skin.. I have dry skin and this foundation doesn't emphasize any of my dry patches.. the color selection is very wide, my color matched me perfect.. I would definitely recommend it to everyone if you like a full coverage without drying out your skin while still looking natural this is the foundation for you.I received this product as a free sample but have been reaching for it to wear daily. its lightweight, is long lasting and wears really well throughout the day. I was previously wearing Josie maran vibrancy and dior forever and I like this better. the only thing I don't like about it, is that it does not have any SPF in it. its very easy to blend using a beauty blender or brush. I would definitely buy again.Good coverage, not sticky, blended easily, color matched perfectlyI loveeee this foundation. Applied w. A beauty blender or brush, after some setting spray, your face looks amazing. Even better this foundation looks amazing in pictures. I would totally recommend.LOVE. Goes on smooth and looks natural. Zero complaints.I have been wearing this foundation for a few years now, and I absolutely LOVE it! It matched my skin tone perfectly and it is very light weight weight, and it stays on ALL DAY!I received this for testing purposes from Influenster! But seriously I LOVE this foundation it LITERALLY looks like my skin! I can't even see the foundation after I put it on and my skin looks freakin FLAWLESS!!!! #ultrahdgeneration #influenter #makeupforeverultrahdI love this foundation , it wonderful, it glides on so smoothly, and it leaves your face looking flawless and airbrushed. This is my NEW favorite foundation that i received from Makeup For Ever to test out.Do not buy this foundation! 4 hours after applying it I was a complete grease ball. Its now been 6 hours since I applied and there no foundation left in my t-zone. All broke down. I can't wait to wash this garbage off.I have been using this product for over a year, it covers nicely, not heavy on the skin, does not clog pores and washes off easily with face cleaner. Goes on evenly and does not splotch up or change colors as the day goes on. I will continue to use Make up ForEver products.By far my all time favorite foundation! Good for full coverage that will last all day! And don't need to use much of it.I loved this foundation before they reformulated it but I do not like this new formula at all!! It looks cakey with just two or three pumps & it's very streaky! I will be returning this product soon!I have been buying this foundation for years and the old formula provided full coverage while still remaining light feeling (no heaviness). It was thick on application but allowed my face to breathe and made for a lovely natural look. 
 When I received my last one of this foundation, I immediately noticed even prior to application that it was much runnier than usual. I tried it anyway thinking nothing really of it and it made me break out...I thought maybe it was something but every single time a day after the same result. I then did some online research and discovered they changed the formula. The new formula obviously doesn't work for me and I'm done being in denial over it. Now I have to find something new, they should have never messed with something that really worked for many people for years.This foundation was sent to me by influenster to test. It's medium coverage but buildable. It truly does look like skin. It's light & gives a beautiful finish. Definitely recommend.Ever since I was turned on to this foundation while on a trip to Las Vegas I have been hooked. Complete coverage and stays on pretty much all day. Even with oily skin this product is tops!I received this for testing purposes from influenster and I've been wearing it for a couple days and I absolutely love it. It's so light and it's medium coverage which is perfect for me. It lasts all day too!I like the lightweight texture of this product. I find that it blends well for nice, natural coverage. I do have oily skin so I find that I have to blot my face a couple of times a day (is there a matter version of this?), but other than that it provides great coverage throughout my day. However, I would be careful because it does rub off on clothes easily I learned. Overall, I think it is a great foundation. It doesn't feel heavy or cakey on my skin and looks great.I love this foundation and it's so beautiful. It has beautiful full coverage without looking cakey, however no matter what I use it comes out kind of streaky.I love this product. I have oily skin and it does get a little oily through out the day but once I set it with a powder it is like a dream! So lightweight and i can build it to a full coverage without looking cakey and they have shades that match me during the summer when I get tanner and winter when I slightly lighten back up.I now understand why this product won that allure award.... it's legit. It had a great amount of coverage (and IS BUILDABLE) and it looks pretty dang natural on my skin. But I have little hairs on my face.... which means everything is visible anyway. UGH.The good: I like the foundation coverage. It is a medium coverage foundation and has a nice finish. I have combination/ oily skin and typically never get oily with this foundation.
 It matched my face when I first tried it and when I put it on.
  The Bad: After the product oxidizes it has a red finish. I am a brown girl with lighter undertones, so if I don't mix the products with other foundations I look really red. 
 Also the makeup doesn't last as long as I would like it to. I would say that after about 6 hours the makeup is whipped away.This foundation feels so great. It just practically glides on your skin and makes you look great. I have some melasma on my face so finding a foundation that covers it well enough is hard for me. It is somewhat buildable so that helps but I also don't want it to look cakey. Once it fades after treatment I think this foundation will be wonderful.This product simply melts into the skin, it is so beautiful! With so many shades to choose from, you will always be able to find one to match your skin tone. 
 My downfalls: blendability could be improved. It is still a little streaky in areas, even with different application techniques, but this can be built up with a second layer.LIVING for this foundation , I received this item complimentary of Influenster for testing purposes. this is my honest non-bias opinion: I have been using this foundation for a few days now and im loving it, it literally looks like skin. skin in a bottle! they have a huge range of colors so there is one for every skin tone. this is my new favorite foundation. stays on during my 8-5 hour days and doesn't rub off on my clothes. great for taking photos, very HD!I absolutely love this foundation! I picked the color out online which was scary but it ended up being completely accurate. It's hard for me to find a foundation that matches my skin perfectly and this foundation actually did! The texture, quality, sheen, feel, and coverage are perfect for my skin (some discoloration and acne). Overall, I am completely impressed with this product and will continue to buy it.This feels great on my skin and so lightweight, but just remember that it's minimal coverage. I just need to find one that's the right shade as the one I received was a tad too dark.I love this foundation! Great for combination skin. I love the light coverage great for females that dont like to wear heavy makeup.I have a hard time with foundation. Finding one that still gives coverage but isn't cakey on the skin. This foundation does just that and it's buildable. Love it!If you looking for a foundation that isn't full coverage this is for you! I hate covering all my freckles up. But I love having a smooth looking face. This foundation is wonderful for what I needed. Lasted a long time during our outdoor wedding. I had no shine at all from itI love it cause looks naturalDo not need apply to much cause in the first cover allThis really is the foundation to end all foundations! It is very light weight and looks invisible on the skin. It gives a beautiful natural finish, which is just what my oily/combination skin needs. I've applied it with a beauty blender, a brush and even my hands and have had success each time! Definitely recommendI received this foundation from influenster for testing purposes. This foundation definitely had great setting and a very natural finish. Super light, I would totally recommend mixing it with a cc/bb cream if you want/need more coverage. As for color shades, it was awesome that I actually got a perfect match with my skin tone, super excited about that!! I got complimented a lot when wearing this foundation so definitely a great sign!!!I enjoyed this as a free sample, and I found it to be nice and light weight. The drawback to this, is that the coverage is more sheer to medium (not just medium), but this is an easy fix if you apply thin layers (2-3 tops). I definitely set this after using it because I do have combination skin. If I don't properly set it, it accentuates oily spots on my face (which is definitely not cute!), so setting with a no color powder is a must. If you have dry skin, or even normal skin, I feel that this foundation would be a good fit :)Received this as a sample from makeup forever. Unfortunately the color I got doesn't match my skin tone. However I still tried it. The product is very blendable and light. Not great coverage though. Possibly if you put two layers on.This foundation was very good. Very light not heavy .I was recommended this foundation from the manager at Sephora. I asked for sheer to medium and buildable. I also included that I was combo skin. It barely looks like it does anything to my skin and I would need 2+ pumps to get some what coverage. I was soo oily by a couple hours later. You have to set with powder, which was something I didn't want to have to do because I wanted a semi matte finish from the foundation.This foundation blends so well, and provides the perfect amount of coverage. The color also matches my skin so well which is rare with my freckles.I rarely wear makeup and was gearing up for my wedding. I was matched with this makeup and it has been amazing! It stays put and looks natural! I highly recommendFavorite foundation so far! Blends out very EVEN and when built up provides great coverageThis foundation is truly one of the best foundations I've ever tried. Not only does it photograph well, but it also has amazing coverage and looks beautiful in person! There is such a large range of colors that most people can find their perfect match! This is one of my holy grail foundations and I know that I will be purchasing it for years to come!Best foundation i have ever usedthis foundation is nice and light enough for your skin to breathe....goes on easily, dont need too much. Works well with acne prone skin. Product lasts me up to a month or so. Does not turn any color on skin after wear. True to color. Worth the money.This invisible coverage is very visible as it gathers in my wrinkles!This is the perfect foundation for those that want a natural skin tone foundation. This sets well with the Laura mercier powder and some setting spray. HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCTFeels very light on skin and very breathable. But only has light coverage and comes off skin easily. Was told that the product is buildable. If that means caking it on to get coverage that's not what I want. And I have tried that with this product but it still doesn't cover blemishes, it only looks caked on around it. The full coverage concealer of this brand does not cover blemishes either. And it gets in the fine lines under your eyes to make you older instead of covering dark circles.Great dewy look! Great coverage specially for mature skin.I wanted something that looks natural and doesn't feel heavy or cakey on my face. This was the perfect match. I had an associate match my skin with and tested in the storeI really like this foundation, it cover my acne and pore very well. Highly recommendGreat coverage and blends really well!Love this produce the full coverage is amazing yet still looks like skin!!Favorite foundation! Love the coverage and how smooth it looks! Has a beautiful finish!I received this product from influenster as a sample and I am in love! this foundations is light to medium coverage, it feels like is perfect for an everyday foundation not so hash. The sample they send me match my skin tone perfect. I will continue to buy this foundation on the future.Love it! Use very little to cover all of my face. I workout daily and very intense, it stays on and it doesn't drip with the sweat.I love this foundation is the only one I use been using its not a full coverage and that's why I like it. It's more natural look.This is definetley of of the best NEW foundations in a very long time. I still use EL double wear ( over 13 years) but I now have another type to use and switch up. Goes on perfectly smooth, non drying and amazing coverage!I like the make up. It goes on easySo I received this product from influenster as a sample and I am amazed! I had never tried this product before and I really like it! I don't need much coverage, I don't like to look cakey. This product is perfect for that!This is one of my absolute favorite foundations! I have purchased this twice already. It goes on so smoothly and has a medium coverage. It also matches my skin color perfectly!I loved this foundation. It's not too heavy but just the right cover. I usually need to add a setting powder over my foundation because I find them oily but I don't here! I received this from Influenster to review and give my honest opinionI got this for my sisters wedding because everyone suggested that I use an "HD" foundation. I had no idea how much I would love this product. I am so happy with it!I've been using this foundation for 2 years and it's my go to foundation for everyday wear! it's light coverage but it is easy to build on. looks pretty flawless using a beauty blender. disclaimer: I received this from influensterThis foundation is the best out there! I started using it about two years ago and still love it! I received another bottle for free and was so happy! I just spread it all over my face and done! It evens my skin tone and covers up blemishes! The only con is the price! I will continue to buy and recommend this product!I really wanted to love this foundation. I find on my oily combo skin it doesn't have any staying power. Even with the make up forever primer underneath it doesn't stay. I also find it really heavy on my skin.I got this product from Influenster. This #UltraHDGeneration is light on my skin. As I know my skin shade it was easy to choose from 40 shades. My skin looks really comfortable after wearing it. Ultra HD foundation Stick is not matte not dewy, just perfect!I absolutely love how easily this foundation matched my skin tone and the application was a breeze. I've had problems with foundation being too thick in the past and it make me look like I was wearing sooo much makeup. I did not have that problem at all with this foundation.I love this makeup it's amazing!! It stays on for a long time. Applies on smoothly. Makes me look flawless! The only thing is it's thin and kind of drippy but it does its work!!I want to like this foundation. I was so excited to try it but, even with the SmashBox primer, it doesn't stay on my combination skin.I've even tried setting it with a powder.The foundation slides right off after a couple hours of wear.I've also noticed that it can become splotchy throughout the day.After it dries, it matches my extremely fair skin very well.I also like that it is a medium coverage. It smooths everything out but, still allows my freckles to show through a little.Im disappointed with the staying power and, its ability to remain seameless.The consultant in Sephora highly recommended it for my combo skin but, I don't think I will be repurchasing.I recieved this product free of charge from influenster and I was so excited! It's a perfect match to my skintone, amazing coverage. Perfect application. I love this foundation!!!!! Def one of my all time favorites! Def recommend it!I received this product to review from Influenster. I have used it once, and I really liked the formula. I was also happy to see that the shade is actually light enough to match with the rest of my skin, as many foundations are not.I wear it in the color Y225 or color 117. In this little beauty you are getting 1.01 oz of product which is slightly more than average (typical is 1oz). They have 40 different shades with a wide variety of undertones so finding a shade match is pretty easy to do.
 So this is a pretty big claim, but what are my over all thoughts?!? Well I kinda love this little guy! The foundation makes my skin look so natural and yet still evens out my imperfects (because we all have them). It lasts all day on my skin (which is dry to dehydrated) and doesn’t crease in my fine lines. I love to use this formula when I am filming or having pictures taken because it really does come across flawless. I would encourage you to head over to your local Sephora and get matched (and maybe a sample) that way you can become apart of the #UltraHDGeneration
 Disclaimer: I received these products complimentary from Influenster for testing purposes. It does not sway my opinion in anyway. Thank you so much Make Up For Ever for the Ultra HD to try!To be honest, I feel like this is my new favorite foundation! its not only full coverage, but goes on so smooth and melts into my skin! After blending, my skin is left with an amazing glow, something other foundations can't do!!! I'm so in love with this product ! (:I was given this product to try and I seriously love it! It's a medium coverage foundation that is definitely buidable. It blends so easy (I used a beauty blender) and even though the consistency is slightly runny it stays put on my skin and really looks like my skin but better. I would highly recommend this product!I have been using Estée Lauder double wear foundation for years now as it was the most full coverage, long lasting but non cakey foundation I could find. I may just have a new favorite in the ultra HD foundation!!! I received the product for free via Influenster and I am so thrilled with it. The consistency is very creamy and blendable. I have already begun getting compliments on my skin! Will definitely repurchase!I was sent this by influenster and did not like it at all. It's a great product in itself, but for my personal preference, it's way too watery. And when I say watery, I mean it's a water fountain. I pressed down to try it and ended up making a mess.This is one of my all time favorite foundations. I keep going back to it over and over again. It's an all time favorite of mine and great for all skin types.I love the fact this ULTRA HD line has a great color range of 40 shades. The sleek packaging, has a pump, Lightweight, medium coverage, blends effortlessly, doesn't separate, and leaves a satin finish. This is definitely great for HD photos & videos. I'll be purchasing a few for my kit, I know my brides will love it! Thank you Make Up For Ever for the Ultra HD foundation sample. #UltraHDgenerationSo, I have to say that when i first bought this foundation a year ago, I absolutely hated it. I found it just sat on my face and peeled off when my face got warm at all. Now, I've gone back to using it. I first mixed it with my Marc Jacobs foundation, to make the Re(marc)able a bit lighter coverage. Now, I'm using it on its own in rotation. My main issue that I've resolved was the application. I love to apply my foundation with a fluffy brush, but that just does not work for this foundation! I now use a flat top brush to apply it all over my face, and then blend it all out with a beauty blender.Result: my skin is now flawless, and it lasts all day! I definitely recommend, and there are so many shades to choose from! Definitely a bonus.got this in my recent influenster box and at first I was not that excited. I love the velvet matte by MUFE but for lighter foundation I have been using UD's Naked and didnt think it could get better. I was wrong. I have oily skin and some blemishes and so I am very picky on foundation. This #HDGeneration foundation is EVERYTHING. Easy to apply and blend, doesnt make me oily and to be honest it's so light weight I forget I even have it on - AND it lasts all day!HOLY GRAIL ALERT!!!
 I got this sent to me from Influenster and I could NOT be happier with this product! I always have a problem with foundation because of my freckles. Matching my skin is very difficult and so far MUFE is the only brand that has a wide enough selection for me. The application is smooth and flawless, easily blended. I can go on the more sheer side or build up coverage for those days I want my freckles to disappear. This foundation feels light on the skin which is awesome because I HATE when I can feel my makeup. I have combo skin, so some days Im an oil factory in the T-zones, and other days I'm just fine. This foundation is great on either of those days. 
 The best part of this foundation is that is plays nicely with other brands of makeup. I don't experience separating when I use other brands for primer or concealer. No matter what other product is under or on top of, this foundation works with it. AWESOME THANKS INFLUENSTER AND MUFEI was already a fan of Make Up For Ever Duo Mat and have been wanting to try this Ultra HD for a while now. I was so impressed at how little of product is needed to cover. It went on smooth and did not crease. It needed a touch up by kid afternoon. Overall, I really liked this foundation and would recommend it.This is a great medium- build able foundation , I had a hard time finding a foundation that matched my fair skin i'm shade Y205 matches perfectly plus easy to blend !This foundation is so light and goes on smoothly! I absolutely love it. I received it as a free sample product in my VoxBox by Influenster.This is the first coverage-building foundation that I have found that works for me almost all year long! I have combination skin and this foundation has worked wonders for me--it doesn't break up on me, it does not feel heavy, and it lets me really build how much coverage I want without having to need too much product.This foundation is flawless. I honestly got this free from influenster and makeup forever this foundation and the foundation stick. Iv played with this product everytime i go in a sephora and every time i put it back. When i knew i was getting it from influenster i couldnt wait.. a couple of days later i got it i put it on and omg! I was in love... i hated how i never got it before... its beautiful finish and application is what blew my mind.. i have combo to dry skin oily T zone only in summer time i have mild texture skin and huge pores this foundation erased all that for me i get soo many compliments too and when i tell them its makeup forever hd they look suprised you really have to try for yourself. Its the only foundation i use now since i got it. My only flaw is the smell of tje foundation stick honestly i mean it goes away after application but during its a strong not pleasing scent idk if its just mine or its all but i have a cousin who addressed it to me too because i recommend it for her she still loves it i do to.. GET THIS FOUNDATION. Thank you makeup forever and influenster#UltraHDGeneration Invisible Cover Foundation has finally arrived! My skin looks airbrushed and flawless. I am sold on this product. Silky-smooth and my face feels hydrated.❤️I have always been a huge fan of MUFE! I received the ultra had foundation in a voxbox from Influenster and I couldn't me more excited! The consistency is very lightweight, but you can build on it for a more full coverage. I only use half a pump and I can cover my whole face; and I don't have to use concealer to correct because the foundation provides enough coverage for my problem areas.So far I LOVE this foundation! I am very, very pale with a pink undertone and the R210 is the first foundation shade that matches my skin tone perfectly! I wore it today and sweat like crazy hustling to catch a train and it still looked great afterwards! Worth the money, in my opinion.I received this as a complimentary sample and I really love it. It oxidizes beautifully. It does have yellow undertones for anyone who needs that.Although this is not my correct shade match I still really love the product so far. I received this sample complimentary of influenster and makeup forever US it blends like a dream and feels light to the touch without a gross sticky feelingI received this for testing purposes and I am so happy with this foundation. I use a beauty blender with it and it works so well!!! It lasts all day, blends so nice and hides my pores or imperfections. It feels like I have nothing on and looks amazing!!!I received a sample of the Ultra HD Foundation from Makeup Forever. I have NEVER used this brand before and so far I love this product! It doesn't show my pores and it has good coverage but isn't cakey.I used this for the first time and loved the coverage. It did not make me like cakey and covered a lot of my imperfections. It felt like another layer of skin and did not budge throughout the day. It was very blendable and applied like a dream.this is an incredible foundation, I received it as a sample to test and I am so happy about it. it doesnt oxidize or separate on the skin but still has full and even coverage. I have oily skin and it wore nicely all day had to blot a bit here and there but I cannot complain.I have been using the Makeup Forever Foundation for years and love it! It has a flawless finish and photographs really well. I almost wanted a backup when they reformulated the foundation sometime back. It is lightweight with a sheer to medium coverage and is long wearing with a satin finish! If you like a fuller coverage then this won't cut it for you.I LOVE this foundation. I received it for free from influenster to try and I was so excited to try it! It matched my skin perfectly and went on amazing. Doesnt feel cakey at all yet I didn't need a lot to fully cover my face. I highely recommend this to anyone & especially MUAs !One of my all time favorite foundation. It applies beutifully onto the skin leaving the skin looking flawless yet natural, and last for a long period of time without the need of touch up.10/10! I have bought SO many different brands of foundation over the last few years and was so SICK of them oxidizing on me and looking super dark/orange after a few minutes or in natural lighting. I went to Sephora this summer and was color matched for Make Up For Ever Ultra HD Foundation and was SO happy! This color perfectly matches my skin (indoor and outdoors) and has AMAZING coverage!Just purchased this a few weeks ago and Im in love! Completely worth the price, especially since a little bit goes a long way. Highly recommended.I tried this foundation last year when when the new "Ultra HD" version came out. I didn't like it. I am someone with extremely oily skin and it didn't sit well on me. But this foundation found its way back into my life and I like it so much more now! I think it's because I use the Benefit Porefessional and I set it heavily with the RCMA no color powder. So far this has worked for me and I will continue to use it up! I gave this 4 stars because I didn't love it the first time around.Unfortunaly I ordered a foundation lighter than my skin color, but it had a very goos coverage , and it does not feel very wet after couple minutes I really like! I will probably use it more when winter starts and my tan goes away . I got it from influenster and I am very happy with the quality of the foundationI am loving this foundation on my skin! It's just the right price, has amazing coverage, and doesn't break me out. The color is just a little bit off for me (too yellow for my pink undertones) but it's perfect when used with a foundation mixer! Love love love! *I recieved this product to review from Influenster and MAKE UP FOR EVER*I needed foundation for a wedding and I went in store to get help and color matched. The girl directed me to this one and after she applied it in store it looked alright, but the in-store lighting shouldn't be trusted too much. When I got home I wanted to try it myself but the color looked too light, and it was a satin finish--not exactly what I had been looking for. I figured I would try it out the next day but even with mattifying primer my oil broke through in about two hours; luckily I had blotting papers because I was not liking the shine. Overall it seems like a decent light to medium coverage foundation, but I have oily skin/oily T-zone and was not looking for a satin finish, so it was a wrong match for me from the start so it will most definitely be returned.I received this item free to try and was asked to give my honest opinion. With that said, I was impressed with the packaging. Very nice. The color matched my face just right. I tried shade Y315. It felt good on my skin and covered my rosacea fine. I could see a little red through but that is fine. It's a quality product that will work perfectly fine for a wearer with more normal skin tone. #UltraHDGenerationThis foundation is fabulous. I have combination, sensitive skin so I'm dealing with everything under the sun. This foundation goes on smoothly, provides excellent coverage, and can be built up where needed. 
 I use the Makeup Forever hydrating step 1 primer to ensure that this product sits well on my skin and lasts all day. I set it with their HD translucent powder. This gives me a beautiful, flawless look without appearing cakey or like a mask. It's easy to blend my highlighter and contouring products into this as well. It's definitely the go-to foundation in my kit.I wanted to love this foundation, but it just doesn't seem to agree with my oily-ish skin. I loved the color and how it went on even though it's much lighter than what I'm used to. The coverage was okay. But by 10 am, shine was starting to break through on my nose. By 3, it didn't look like I had any on. Maybe it will be better with a primer.MUFE has one of the best foundations for WOC. The shade range is amazing, the skin like formula is definitely a great way to get that cake free look we all love. MUFE nailed it with the undertones. I love this foundation so much I featured it in my HOMY GRAIL FOUNDATIONS FOR WOC! Definitely worth the buy.I received this foundation in my influenster voxbox and I am now completely obsessed and wish I would of tried it sooner. I have combination acne prone skin this covered pretty good but my skin could breathe and still looked like skin and lasted all day.I absolutely LOVE this foundation! I feel like my skin can actually breathe with this. I recently got mine from Influenster in a Voxbox and its AMAZING! It's my new favorite foundation. Thank you Make Up For Ever for the Ulrta HD Foundation sample!!I know some people love this foundation but it just didn't work for me! I got this from influenster to test and I also received a small sample from sephora at some point and it just did not wear well and also caked around my problem spotsI received a sample of this and had to buy the full bottle. It's an amazing foundation but I went back into the store yesterday and got the Mat Velvet foundation from the same company and love it even more because of the great coverage it has. Will be a great backup foundation though!This foundation is magic as far as I'm concerned. I've never used anything even a fraction as good. It's very light, but the coverage is amazing. It covers freckles and acne and even makes wrinkles seem to fade!The finish on this was fantastic however if you have acne or blemishes this is not for you, the coverage is minimal at best. Other than that it's a lightweight formula and very nice to use (it doesn't cover everything as I have freckles and you can still see them when I wear this)This foundation has little coverage and when I bought it I was told it had medium and build able coverage. But the more you layer this foundation the more it gets streaky! The formula is really strange. I wanted to love this foundation because of the hype around it. If you have no acne or skin imperfections and you just want to even out your skin tone this is perfect for you.I have combination acne prone skin and this foundation is perfect for that. It's medium/full coverage so it covers my acne but doesn't feel heavy. I love the flawless look it gives and my face always feels so soft after putting it on. It's definitely worth the investment!i have a oily skin and this fondation is the best for my skin.... lightweight feel like you have nothing on your skin.. first i try a simple but i now i have the full size so happy whit this product not the best coverage but ok for meI don't recommend this. It's not a good foundation you have to cake it on for it to even show that it works. I don't wanna pay 43$ for a foundation and have to use half the bottle the first time I use it.I love this foundation and definitely will be buying again! I have combination skin and it's great on both my dry and oily areas. Lightweight and easy to blend. Used with a good primer, it lasts pretty long. People complaining about it not being full coverage didn't pay attention to the box because it tells you that the foundation is medium coverage.I just bought this a couple of weeks ago and so far I love it. It stays on all day it doesn't make my face all oily like some foundations and it's easily build able I recommend trying it I have combination skinThis was the very first high end foundation I ever bought and it is wonderful. This isn't something where you're going to put it on and it'll be full coverage instantly. You will have to spot correct. However, the technology in this is still the best foundation I've ever used for filming and photos. There is something in this that completely makes skin flawless when used for filming. It's a very lightweight and natural finish. No transfer. You know what you get with it every time. It's a staple and a must have.I have a sensitive, not too easy skin. I was surprised how well this product works - no peeling, drying, being too-oily. Stays on all day very well.This has very little coverage, you really have to put a lot on if you want to cover trouble areas. It also doesn't last all day, after 4 hours of wear this foundation was pretty much gone. It looked like I didn't apply any make up! Not good for oily skin.I don't get it - it showed all my acne and imperfections right through the makeup. I tried to build it up with my beauty blender but, nope. I had to layer on another foundation over it. The color didn't match, didn't blend well, I have trouble seeing why this won an allure award.I got this because everyone was saying how amazing it is, and they were so right! This is by far one of my favorite foundations, it stays on all day long and the consistincey is perfect.The only complaint I have is that the lady at Sephora color matched me and gave me a foundation that makes me feel like I look a little orange.I am r230 or 115 ivory and I tried the stick version of this about 3 months ago Bc I heard such good things about it and it was so cakey and sticky so I didn't give it another chance till I received a sample size of the liquid and it's my every day foundation now. I wish I would of found it earlier. It goes on best with fingers then I go over it with a foundation brush and a mist of setting spray. It covers better than anything, I get really red around my mouth and cheeks and it covers perfect. Some other foundations I use are Lancôme and Clinique balm and cc cream and Dior stár. The only bad thing I'd have to say is sometimes my skin gets dry around my mouth and when I use this it's great at first but after a hour it starts to look chapped over the dry skin but I can pat a little lotion over it and it'll look ok again lol overall I give this a 10/10 anyways. It's really pigmented to it reminds me of a watery version of cover fx custom pigment drops.I probably have tried every high end brand of foundation from Chanel, Dior, ysl, Bobbi brown, etc. for some reason I always come back to this one. It's buildable, light, good coverage. And they have a great variety of colors.Alright, so this is a very nice formula, great HD but more of a sheer coverage. I definitely wouldn't consider it a medium coverage (which was very disappointing). It is very light weight and build-able (I have to build it up a lot though unfortunately). It does the job (at least for a bit)- it does work on oily skin but you definitely need an amazing primer and setting powder to make it last a good amount throughout the day.Favourite foundation!! My skin is super dry in some places and super oily in other places, and yet it looks perfect all over.I bought the shade Y205 on a whim, looking for a pale foundation with good coverage, and instantly fell in love with it. It applies smoothly, covers redness and acne well, and doesn't budge for hours on end. Definitely worth it.i was very excited to try this foundation after seeing all the great reviews, but was disappointed in the coverage. very comparable to the l'oréal lumi foundation. coverage is mediocre and it looked fine on my skin i just expected better.This foundation is my favorite. It is very light-weight and breathable. I do not like full coverage, so it is perfect for me. However, when I need a bit more coverage, it is easy to build up. The color range is great, and it is long-wearing.I absolutely love it! My skin tends to be on the dry sensitive side. Other foundations settled onto the creases and dry patches. This is smooth and covers just enough, feels like a light and fresh. Moisturizing without making my skin too shiny. I AM IN LOVE. FIRST REVIEW EVER.This foundation is actually pretty dang good! It's not thick, has about a medium coverage, and looks flawless on the skin. It also looks great in photos! Later in the day it can crease a little, so make sure to bake/set it with a good powder. I like using the foundation with a damp beauty blender.This product has been My friend for every special event I've had to use it. Simply love itI was SOOO excited to try this foundation after seeing so many good reviews. The color range was awesome. Im super fair skinned and its often difficult for me to find a foundation that matches my skintone. This was not it. It oxidized really bad. The foundation was like water, super runny. It looked really cakey and settled in to all of my pores and fine lines I didn't even know I had. Poor coverage. This was a return.If you need to cover up any marks on your face like blemishes, hyperpigmentation, or zits then this is not the foundation for you. Really not much coverage at all. If you have really nice perfect skin and just need some balance, then buy this.i walked into sephora and ask for some of the best of their foundation now i did hear great things abou this product , but i was truely disapointed with it. It had poor coverage and i have normal skin no serious blemeshes . Another thing it felt like i had an oil slick on my face it didnt dry down and after power it caked up for me. So this is not bashing its just did not work me :(This foundation is super amazing and it makes my skin looks gorgeousI waited to make this review after I've used this product for about 2 weeks and I have to say this product was almost perfect. I am mixed African American and white and my complexion has always been hard to find colors for since my skin has a kind of greenish yellow undertone but this foundation matched my color absolutely perfectly. The coverage was amazing as well very build able and with the matching powder it kept my oily skin under control.
 However, I found I could not buy the full sized product after it made me breakout so bad after only one week of wearing it. I didn't make any other changes to my skincare routine, so I know it was because of this foundation. So sad, was almost perfect.I am a really difficult skin tone to match. Usually I have to buy two to three bottles of foundation to get the desired color. Not with this one. The sale associate nailed my color exactly in two tries. I have checked the color outside in the sun and it looks great. The color stays true and doesn't oxidize and turn orange. I love this foundation. I have tried them all - from the most expensive foundations to the ons they mix for you. None of them compared to this one. The coverage is light to medium but more can be added for additional coverage if needed. I love this foundation! You must try it. You won't regret it!Got this as a free sample - it is easily the worst foundation I have ever used - dry and cakey, highly visible, does not blend, just sits on top of my skin and looks flakey.I found this foundation a little too runny for me while applying, it didn't give me the instant coverage I was looking for, I also found it got super cakey as the day went on. Not great for my skin type or toneThis is the most natural looking foundation without making you feel heavy or cakey, it's perfect foundation foundation for my combo dry skin. I don't even like to set it with any powder because I just love the finish it gives to my skin. Definitely picking up full size. FYI- I got free sample in shade 127For starters, you should know my skin would probably be in the negative numbers of M. A. C. shades. It doesn't look white white on first sight, but I somehow have never met a foundation shade that matched my neck. There has always been a garish line between my face and my neck, where my face is neutral pale, and my neck is about two shades lighter. I've tried Lancôme, Stila, Bobbi Brown, Urban Decay, wearing the palest shades of each line, and nothing has ever been a perfect match for my strange neutral white skin.  Until I met this foundation. I swatched it on my hand in store, and was amazed to find that it actually looked slightly paler than my hand. That has never ever happened to me before, in my extensive time of being a makeup junkie. I immediately knew I had to buy it, and see how it did on my face. When I put it on my face, I must say I nearly fell over in shock. This shade (Y205) not only blends into the colour of my neck, but is maybe even a shade lighter than the skin on my face right now, which is slightly browner than normal from travel during the summer.  Other than the amazing find of a shade that actually matches my face, I still am picky when it comes to foundation. It can't look like foundation, can't be cakey, has to be long wear enough to withstand my combo/oily skin, and yet not show up my dry patches, has to not irritate my sensitive skin, or trigger my acne, has to blend smoothly, has to feel smooth on my face, and it has to not oxidise. Let me tell you, this foundation delivers on each and every one of those points. I don't think I have ever been so supremely happy with a foundation.  Fun fact, this is the foundation that Jennifer Lawrence is wearing in the Hunger Games, which was how I originally heard about it. It says it was formulated for the visual rigours of the big screen, and I do believe (not that I've been in any blockbusters lately) that it lives up to that. Truly, the best foundation I have ever tried.I love this foundation so much I feel like it's literally the only one I would ever dare to use again. It covers dark spots and acne completely like if it was never there. It doesn't smell bad and it's not cakey either and the best thing is that it stays on for more than 12 hours.all time favorite, MUCH better than the stick. lasts longerI love the way this blends right in with my skin and the finish is very natural. It lasts and looks fantastic all day if sprayed with a good setting spray. The coverage is NOT medium to full. It is light at best and not as buildable as it claims to be. Attempting to build this up to full coverage turns it into a splotchy, muddy mess.I was super excited to try this foundation after everything I have heard about it online, but I was pretty disopointed to say the least. I really liked the color selection but the finish was not good. I have combination skin, I get dry on the edges and oily in my T-zone area. After about 6 hours of wearing this, with a good primer on underneath as well, my oily spots were so shiny you could see your own reflection. From far away it looks airbrushed, but from up close you can see all the flakiness. I will not purchase again!Makeup goes on smooth & light but didn't help w/t-zone pore issues. Others coverup well but not this. It's for younger, clear skin not 40-something's w combination skin. Disappointed.So I have combination skin and dark spots from old acne and it does a good job of building well and looking very natural without feeling heavy however I find that I have to use A LOT of product (about four pumps) to actually cover my acne scaring which I don't likeI have naturally oily skin and I was told that it wouldn't make my skin shiny. My face gets greasy after a few hours. I use a matte finish primer, the fountain and a pressed powder for oily skin. It just doesn't cut it. The coverage is okay. I was expecting a little more.I was using Estee laudner DW but I was wearing the wrong shade and it was looking cakey. MUFHD has the exact shade I needed and it looks like skin and lasts.Soooo background story. My skin is SUPER oily, I have sensitive, acne prone skin that breaks out from basically anything. I hate heavy foundation, so I usually stick to BB creams. But lately my bb bream just wasn't cutting it anymore and I wanted something that I could wear everyday and on special occasions. I had tried the Too Faced Born This Way foundation, which was good, but after a couple hours I would get oily and have to retouch, even when I used a mattifying primer ( I use the MUFE mattifying primer) and I'd still get oily. Then one day on YouTube I saw a bunch of people use this with the MUFE primer, so I thought I'd test it out. And OMG guys this is so amazing. It is so weightless, felt like nothing on my skin, and my skin looks flawless! It didn't break me out, which everything usually does, and I have some pigmentation and acne scars and it covered it up. I paired it with the MUFE mattifying primer and it stayed all day, no touch ups. Just bought the full size and I don't think I will ever use another foundation again