I use this product to cover the deep purple darkness in the corner of my eye. As a mom of 3 and working night shift for 20 years I certainly have earned my dark circles. Although I have a light/medium skin tone bisque is perfect for counter acting that darkness, I will apply a small amount of brightening concealer or the urban decay fluid in pink overtop and it lasts all day without creasing or caking because you only need a tiny amount of product. This also gets 5 stars for ease of transport and I can blend it in with the sponge provided or my fingertips no need for a damp beauty blender. If touch ups are required it layers nicely without looking cakeyAs a mom of two kids who gets let's sleep than I like, this is perfect for making my eyes look less tired in the small time I have to do my makeup.I use this under my eyes and it hides all my circles without caking. I love how easy it glides on and how I can blend with the little sponge on the other side.This has quickly become my favorite go to item in my handbag. Color is great for my fair skin and helps cover dark circles and redness .I use this product to cover the deep purple darkness in the corner of my eye. As a mom of 3 and working night shift for 20 years I certainly have earned my dark circles. Although I have a light/medium skin tone bisque is perfect for counter acting that darkness, I will apply a small amount of brightening concealer or the urban decay fluid in pink overtop and it lasts all day without creasing or caking because you only need a tiny amount of product. This also gets 5 stars for ease of transport and I can blend it in with the sponge provided or my fingertips no need for a damp beauty blender. If touch ups are required it layers nicely without looking cakeyAs a mom of two kids who gets let's sleep than I like, this is perfect for making my eyes look less tired in the small time I have to do my makeup.I use this under my eyes and it hides all my circles without caking. I love how easy it glides on and how I can blend with the little sponge on the other side.This has quickly become my favorite go to item in my handbag. Color is great for my fair skin and helps cover dark circles and redness .