This product is AWESOME. It is light weight, does not clump up, and provides a light sheer glow under the eye. It can be used alone BUT, I feel it is best used under your eye concealer. It basically kicks up your under eye concealer 10 notches.Good eye brightener, nice and light. Have it 4 stars but there was another product Sephora no longer carries that I liked ever more. Would recommend still.I've been using this for about a month and really love how this helps to lighten the appearance of dark undereye circles. I do also use Nars concealer on top but I feel like this really helps neutralize as a first layer. I will continue to use this since it works for me and isn't drying or cakey at all. I usually return a lot of products that don't work so this one made the cut!! try it out yourself!I have had dark circles under my eyes my entire life. This is the only stuff that has helped successfully cover them up. I put it on under my concealer and it works wonders.Like all Algenist products this does not fail - it's not heavy - which I like - doesn't fall into lines/wrinklesI had someone at Sephora put this on me to cover up my under eye circles. Even though it kind of did the job but not to my satisfaction, with in 30 min it was flaking off!!! It looked like my skin of getting so dry from it that my skin was literally flaking and peeling off!! And I have really balanced skin! Deff not going to buy...I took a chance on this and it is great! It is sheer enough to be used on it's own without makeup but would also work even better under a concealer. Corrects my prominent dark circles without looking too washed out or white. I bought this instead of the Algenist colour correcting concealer because I thought it would be more flexible and I glad I did.I have a hard time finding an under eye concealer that works for me-if they are too creamy it accentuates wrinkles and too thick is difficult to blend on my dry skin. So I was looking for something just like Algenist brightened and it does exactly what I wanted it to do.it goes on very light and gives a nice subtle brightening effect. I don't think it is quite moisturizing enough to wear alone so I put my Caudelie Premier Cru eye cream on first and then pat the Algenist underneath eyes and that seems to do the trick. I also use on my lids and underneath brow bone for a bit of lightening as well when I don't feel like bothering with shadow! It is a nice size to carry in my makeup bag for touchups and love that it goes on with a little wand so it is not something i have to apply with fingers or a makeup brush. A good solid purchase am very happy with it!I got this at the VIB rouge winter first looks event and it's magical! It takes the dark circles away and brightens up my whole face. It is easy to apply too! Totally worth the price.This product is AWESOME. It is light weight, does not clump up, and provides a light sheer glow under the eye. It can be used alone BUT, I feel it is best used under your eye concealer. It basically kicks up your under eye concealer 10 notches.Good eye brightener, nice and light. Have it 4 stars but there was another product Sephora no longer carries that I liked ever more. Would recommend still.I've been using this for about a month and really love how this helps to lighten the appearance of dark undereye circles. I do also use Nars concealer on top but I feel like this really helps neutralize as a first layer. I will continue to use this since it works for me and isn't drying or cakey at all. I usually return a lot of products that don't work so this one made the cut!! try it out yourself!I have had dark circles under my eyes my entire life. This is the only stuff that has helped successfully cover them up. I put it on under my concealer and it works wonders.Like all Algenist products this does not fail - it's not heavy - which I like - doesn't fall into lines/wrinklesI had someone at Sephora put this on me to cover up my under eye circles. Even though it kind of did the job but not to my satisfaction, with in 30 min it was flaking off!!! It looked like my skin of getting so dry from it that my skin was literally flaking and peeling off!! And I have really balanced skin! Deff not going to buy...I took a chance on this and it is great! It is sheer enough to be used on it's own without makeup but would also work even better under a concealer. Corrects my prominent dark circles without looking too washed out or white. I bought this instead of the Algenist colour correcting concealer because I thought it would be more flexible and I glad I did.I have a hard time finding an under eye concealer that works for me-if they are too creamy it accentuates wrinkles and too thick is difficult to blend on my dry skin. So I was looking for something just like Algenist brightened and it does exactly what I wanted it to do.it goes on very light and gives a nice subtle brightening effect. I don't think it is quite moisturizing enough to wear alone so I put my Caudelie Premier Cru eye cream on first and then pat the Algenist underneath eyes and that seems to do the trick. I also use on my lids and underneath brow bone for a bit of lightening as well when I don't feel like bothering with shadow! It is a nice size to carry in my makeup bag for touchups and love that it goes on with a little wand so it is not something i have to apply with fingers or a makeup brush. A good solid purchase am very happy with it!I got this at the VIB rouge winter first looks event and it's magical! It takes the dark circles away and brightens up my whole face. It is easy to apply too! Totally worth the price.