Very high coverage. Creamy texture allow to it to blend well, even to blend away to sheer coverage. BUT settle into pores really bad that I have to return it, .I love this palette! You can conceal, highlight, contour, and use as foundation all in one palette. High quality, highly pigmented colors that blend to perfection. Definitely try this!The colors look darker on the photo than they are in person. If you are a POC just keep looking lol I thought I may be able to use this as a concealer (I'm a little on the darker side of caramel) but heck no! These colors just aren't for me.As a beauty junkie who LOVES products - I have tried and tried yet I am still reaching for this palette after a year. This product does what it says! All day wear with great pigment.I have used a few correctors, and this is by far- my favorite. I use it under my eyes (dark circles) and around my nose (redness). Stays on all day and with just a little setting powder- no creases.I bought NO1,it can cover my pigmented nevus and last.I bought this product after I saw a makeup bloger demonstrated using this corrector for both foundation and corrector under eyes. The coverage was better than I expected, I need a medium to full coverage, this product did a great job and the color match well. You will need to try different color to find the best match for your skin tone, I use the darker color learning how to do contouring. I highly recommend watching the how to apply on Youtube for the best result, search for Cinema Secrets. The bad thing is that it will start fade out after 5 or 6 hours even I used different types of primer and setting powder. After used for 3 days, I started to have skin breakouts, it could be just me. I'm taking a break and will try again.This is amazing! It's like a magic eraser for your skin. I have hereditary dark circles under my eyes and rosacea on my cheeks. I have tried everything, including prescriptions. This is the only product that works for me. I use a small amount of Perricone MD No Foundation Foundation over it, and it last all day without looking like my make-up is caked on. I will definitely purchase this again. Thank you!!Having read the reviews here, I was super excited to try this concealer palette. I have hereditary dark circles under my eyes and some adult acne-related redness, so I use concealer every day and am always on the lookout for good ones.
 Unfortunately, the colors are - for the most part - way too dark for me. I have quite pale skin with yellow undertones and only the lightest of the red and blue correctors even came close to looking nice on me. The other three were just way too dark, I never would have reason to use them.
 I gave it three stars because the product did go on smoothly and the shades that I did try seemed to offer good coverage. Sadly, I'm planning on returning this item, because it's not worth keeping when just 2 out of the 5 work for me.I know this concealer from a Chinese beauty blogger and I purchased it during the VIBR event without many reviews cause the product is not famous. But after I tried on, OMG, that should be the most moisturized concealer I have ever used, and the coverage is so good!! Definitely I will purchase again.I got this kit for three reasons: 1. The broken capillaries on and around my nose. 2. The dark circles under my eyes. 3. Acne scarring...and I am happy to say that it's great for all three! I was really tired of purchasing three separate concealers for these 3 purposes and figured I'd give this a try instead. It's a great value because the three concealers I've been purchasing come to around $75 and with this, I have 5 different colors to work with and it's half the price.I am 34 years old with combination skin, a light olive complexion with neutral undertones, some acne scarring on my chin and under my cheek bones, dark circles under my eyes due to bad allergies and genetics, and broken capillaries on and around my nose ever since I got pregnant for the first time 5 years ago.This product does exactly as it says - the colors for cancelling out redness do a great job at covering the broken capillaries and the ones meant for covering blue tones really do a great job on my under eye circles. I find that both types cover the acne scars just as well. Some of the newer scars are red and the older scars have more of a purple tone. I don't have any breakouts right now so I can't say how well this covers pimples but I'm going to guess it cancels out the redness really well since it does so on the broken capillaries and newer acne scars.I would highly recommend this to anyone experiencing the same skin issues I described above. It lasts a long time, doesn't make my oily zones oilier, and didn't cause any breakouts either. I have kit #1 but want to try the other kit as well.Love, love, love my PRO Palettes from CSPRO! A kit must have, these HIGHLY pigmented cream concealers can be used to highlight & contour. The new magnet compact is a dream come true.Very high coverage. Creamy texture allow to it to blend well, even to blend away to sheer coverage. BUT settle into pores really bad that I have to return it, .I love this palette! You can conceal, highlight, contour, and use as foundation all in one palette. High quality, highly pigmented colors that blend to perfection. Definitely try this!The colors look darker on the photo than they are in person. If you are a POC just keep looking lol I thought I may be able to use this as a concealer (I'm a little on the darker side of caramel) but heck no! These colors just aren't for me.As a beauty junkie who LOVES products - I have tried and tried yet I am still reaching for this palette after a year. This product does what it says! All day wear with great pigment.I have used a few correctors, and this is by far- my favorite. I use it under my eyes (dark circles) and around my nose (redness). Stays on all day and with just a little setting powder- no creases.I bought NO1,it can cover my pigmented nevus and last.I bought this product after I saw a makeup bloger demonstrated using this corrector for both foundation and corrector under eyes. The coverage was better than I expected, I need a medium to full coverage, this product did a great job and the color match well. You will need to try different color to find the best match for your skin tone, I use the darker color learning how to do contouring. I highly recommend watching the how to apply on Youtube for the best result, search for Cinema Secrets. The bad thing is that it will start fade out after 5 or 6 hours even I used different types of primer and setting powder. After used for 3 days, I started to have skin breakouts, it could be just me. I'm taking a break and will try again.This is amazing! It's like a magic eraser for your skin. I have hereditary dark circles under my eyes and rosacea on my cheeks. I have tried everything, including prescriptions. This is the only product that works for me. I use a small amount of Perricone MD No Foundation Foundation over it, and it last all day without looking like my make-up is caked on. I will definitely purchase this again. Thank you!!Having read the reviews here, I was super excited to try this concealer palette. I have hereditary dark circles under my eyes and some adult acne-related redness, so I use concealer every day and am always on the lookout for good ones.
 Unfortunately, the colors are - for the most part - way too dark for me. I have quite pale skin with yellow undertones and only the lightest of the red and blue correctors even came close to looking nice on me. The other three were just way too dark, I never would have reason to use them.
 I gave it three stars because the product did go on smoothly and the shades that I did try seemed to offer good coverage. Sadly, I'm planning on returning this item, because it's not worth keeping when just 2 out of the 5 work for me.I know this concealer from a Chinese beauty blogger and I purchased it during the VIBR event without many reviews cause the product is not famous. But after I tried on, OMG, that should be the most moisturized concealer I have ever used, and the coverage is so good!! Definitely I will purchase again.I got this kit for three reasons: 1. The broken capillaries on and around my nose. 2. The dark circles under my eyes. 3. Acne scarring...and I am happy to say that it's great for all three! I was really tired of purchasing three separate concealers for these 3 purposes and figured I'd give this a try instead. It's a great value because the three concealers I've been purchasing come to around $75 and with this, I have 5 different colors to work with and it's half the price.I am 34 years old with combination skin, a light olive complexion with neutral undertones, some acne scarring on my chin and under my cheek bones, dark circles under my eyes due to bad allergies and genetics, and broken capillaries on and around my nose ever since I got pregnant for the first time 5 years ago.This product does exactly as it says - the colors for cancelling out redness do a great job at covering the broken capillaries and the ones meant for covering blue tones really do a great job on my under eye circles. I find that both types cover the acne scars just as well. Some of the newer scars are red and the older scars have more of a purple tone. I don't have any breakouts right now so I can't say how well this covers pimples but I'm going to guess it cancels out the redness really well since it does so on the broken capillaries and newer acne scars.I would highly recommend this to anyone experiencing the same skin issues I described above. It lasts a long time, doesn't make my oily zones oilier, and didn't cause any breakouts either. I have kit #1 but want to try the other kit as well.Love, love, love my PRO Palettes from CSPRO! A kit must have, these HIGHLY pigmented cream concealers can be used to highlight & contour. The new magnet compact is a dream come true.