The best yes I love it so so much does not irritate and very wonderful.It is a eye makeup remover that does not remove eye makeup, i.e. waterproof mascara does not come off AT ALL. I didn't believe it when I read other reviews mentioning it, and decided to give this eye makeup remover a try, but I was wrong. I give it 2 stars because I like to use it to remove my overall face makeup with a cotton pad. Being a water-based product, it does a pretty good job removing brow color, foundation, cheek color, etc. without feeling greasy or having water splashed everywhere. I'm still keeping it. It could get a 5 star if it is listed as a water-based gentle face makeup remover.This is the best eye makeup remover I've ever used. It's not oily, it's not irritating, and it removes waterproof eye makeup with very little effort.This is the best eye makeup remover I have ever used. I have to wear waterproof mascara and this is the very best at removing every trace of makeup without any oil whatsoever. I wish I had found this when I still wore contacts because it would have made life so much easier!This eye makeup remover burns the heck out of my eyes and they hurt for about 30 minutes after I take my eye makeup off. It takes so much product just to get your makeup off, and it still doesn't do the best job. I usually have to go in with another makeup remover after I use this one. There are definitely better choices for makeup remover.This one both stings a bit and does not remove my make-up completely.Not even worth the $20, I have to use a lot to take my eye make up off and I only use mascara and eyeliner. I have used half the bottle in about a week and have yet to see my eye makeup come completely off. Save your money, go to your local pharmacy and pick one out.I love this product. It does not irritate my eyes or contact lenses It really takes off all the eye make. Love Love Love it.I've used many make up removers and this one is above the rest. It is non-greasy, gentle, does not burn your eyes and is effective with removing even water proof mascara. You do not have to use a lot of product to achieve results. I will continue to purchase. This is my new go to.The best yes I love it so so much does not irritate and very wonderful.It is a eye makeup remover that does not remove eye makeup, i.e. waterproof mascara does not come off AT ALL. I didn't believe it when I read other reviews mentioning it, and decided to give this eye makeup remover a try, but I was wrong. I give it 2 stars because I like to use it to remove my overall face makeup with a cotton pad. Being a water-based product, it does a pretty good job removing brow color, foundation, cheek color, etc. without feeling greasy or having water splashed everywhere. I'm still keeping it. It could get a 5 star if it is listed as a water-based gentle face makeup remover.This is the best eye makeup remover I've ever used. It's not oily, it's not irritating, and it removes waterproof eye makeup with very little effort.This is the best eye makeup remover I have ever used. I have to wear waterproof mascara and this is the very best at removing every trace of makeup without any oil whatsoever. I wish I had found this when I still wore contacts because it would have made life so much easier!This eye makeup remover burns the heck out of my eyes and they hurt for about 30 minutes after I take my eye makeup off. It takes so much product just to get your makeup off, and it still doesn't do the best job. I usually have to go in with another makeup remover after I use this one. There are definitely better choices for makeup remover.This one both stings a bit and does not remove my make-up completely.Not even worth the $20, I have to use a lot to take my eye make up off and I only use mascara and eyeliner. I have used half the bottle in about a week and have yet to see my eye makeup come completely off. Save your money, go to your local pharmacy and pick one out.I love this product. It does not irritate my eyes or contact lenses It really takes off all the eye make. Love Love Love it.I've used many make up removers and this one is above the rest. It is non-greasy, gentle, does not burn your eyes and is effective with removing even water proof mascara. You do not have to use a lot of product to achieve results. I will continue to purchase. This is my new go to.The best yes I love it so so much does not irritate and very wonderful.It is a eye makeup remover that does not remove eye makeup, i.e. waterproof mascara does not come off AT ALL. I didn't believe it when I read other reviews mentioning it, and decided to give this eye makeup remover a try, but I was wrong. I give it 2 stars because I like to use it to remove my overall face makeup with a cotton pad. Being a water-based product, it does a pretty good job removing brow color, foundation, cheek color, etc. without feeling greasy or having water splashed everywhere. I'm still keeping it. It could get a 5 star if it is listed as a water-based gentle face makeup remover.This is the best eye makeup remover I've ever used. It's not oily, it's not irritating, and it removes waterproof eye makeup with very little effort.This is the best eye makeup remover I have ever used. I have to wear waterproof mascara and this is the very best at removing every trace of makeup without any oil whatsoever. I wish I had found this when I still wore contacts because it would have made life so much easier!This eye makeup remover burns the heck out of my eyes and they hurt for about 30 minutes after I take my eye makeup off. It takes so much product just to get your makeup off, and it still doesn't do the best job. I usually have to go in with another makeup remover after I use this one. There are definitely better choices for makeup remover.This one both stings a bit and does not remove my make-up completely.Not even worth the $20, I have to use a lot to take my eye make up off and I only use mascara and eyeliner. I have used half the bottle in about a week and have yet to see my eye makeup come completely off. Save your money, go to your local pharmacy and pick one out.I love this product. It does not irritate my eyes or contact lenses It really takes off all the eye make. Love Love Love it.I've used many make up removers and this one is above the rest. It is non-greasy, gentle, does not burn your eyes and is effective with removing even water proof mascara. You do not have to use a lot of product to achieve results. I will continue to purchase. This is my new go to.