This is a non-greasy formula. I just use a cotton pad and it removes my make up without residue unlike other expensive brands. I even like the bottle. It does not fall off my counter and the flip top makes it easy to use.I have very sensitive eyes which can get dry and gritty. I have tried so many brands of eye makeup remover that would burn, just smear and not remove, or leave my eyes all oily! I have found that the Laura Mercier eye makeup remover is both gentle on my eyes, but tough on the makeup - it basically melts off. I highly recommend this product.Based on the price and being from Laura Mercier, I expected more. This is not a bad product by any means, it does an average job removing my eye makeup. However, so does the $7 brand I buy at the drug store.while the laura mercier eye makeup remover takes care of my eye shadow, liner and brows, i find that i still have residue from mascara. it doesn't matter if it's waterproof mascara or not.I like the fact that the product never causes stinging or burning if I get too much on the cotton pad, but I have to apply more pressure than I like to remove mascara -- and I don't wear waterproof. I'm almost 50 and tugging and pulling around the eye area to remove makeup isn't a good thing.This is a gentle, effective eye make-up remover. It does the job well, doesn't sting your eyes, and doesn't leave your skin greasy. I wear contacts and frequently eye make-up removers cause my eyes to sting and burn, but this one does not. It did a great job removing all types of mascara. My only negative comment is that the bottle is small and it didn't last very long (for me anyway).Almost as good as Bi-Facil - almost - a little less oily, which I like, and $4 less. I am pleased with it.This is a non-greasy formula. I just use a cotton pad and it removes my make up without residue unlike other expensive brands. I even like the bottle. It does not fall off my counter and the flip top makes it easy to use.I have very sensitive eyes which can get dry and gritty. I have tried so many brands of eye makeup remover that would burn, just smear and not remove, or leave my eyes all oily! I have found that the Laura Mercier eye makeup remover is both gentle on my eyes, but tough on the makeup - it basically melts off. I highly recommend this product.Based on the price and being from Laura Mercier, I expected more. This is not a bad product by any means, it does an average job removing my eye makeup. However, so does the $7 brand I buy at the drug store.while the laura mercier eye makeup remover takes care of my eye shadow, liner and brows, i find that i still have residue from mascara. it doesn't matter if it's waterproof mascara or not.I like the fact that the product never causes stinging or burning if I get too much on the cotton pad, but I have to apply more pressure than I like to remove mascara -- and I don't wear waterproof. I'm almost 50 and tugging and pulling around the eye area to remove makeup isn't a good thing.This is a gentle, effective eye make-up remover. It does the job well, doesn't sting your eyes, and doesn't leave your skin greasy. I wear contacts and frequently eye make-up removers cause my eyes to sting and burn, but this one does not. It did a great job removing all types of mascara. My only negative comment is that the bottle is small and it didn't last very long (for me anyway).Almost as good as Bi-Facil - almost - a little less oily, which I like, and $4 less. I am pleased with it.This is a non-greasy formula. I just use a cotton pad and it removes my make up without residue unlike other expensive brands. I even like the bottle. It does not fall off my counter and the flip top makes it easy to use.I have very sensitive eyes which can get dry and gritty. I have tried so many brands of eye makeup remover that would burn, just smear and not remove, or leave my eyes all oily! I have found that the Laura Mercier eye makeup remover is both gentle on my eyes, but tough on the makeup - it basically melts off. I highly recommend this product.Based on the price and being from Laura Mercier, I expected more. This is not a bad product by any means, it does an average job removing my eye makeup. However, so does the $7 brand I buy at the drug store.while the laura mercier eye makeup remover takes care of my eye shadow, liner and brows, i find that i still have residue from mascara. it doesn't matter if it's waterproof mascara or not.I like the fact that the product never causes stinging or burning if I get too much on the cotton pad, but I have to apply more pressure than I like to remove mascara -- and I don't wear waterproof. I'm almost 50 and tugging and pulling around the eye area to remove makeup isn't a good thing.This is a gentle, effective eye make-up remover. It does the job well, doesn't sting your eyes, and doesn't leave your skin greasy. I wear contacts and frequently eye make-up removers cause my eyes to sting and burn, but this one does not. It did a great job removing all types of mascara. My only negative comment is that the bottle is small and it didn't last very long (for me anyway).Almost as good as Bi-Facil - almost - a little less oily, which I like, and $4 less. I am pleased with it.