I have been using Viseart eyeshadow for quite some time now. I absolutely love it. 
 When the brow palette came out, I was thinking that these were all powder, so I was surprised when they turned out not to be.
 I will attempt to explain the brow wax/pomade first- the top is a cool taupe color. It works well for lighter haired people, especially cooler toned. It also works for gray haired beauties. USE SPARINGLY. Too much used leads to very dark brows.
 The 2nd one is more of a golden warm taupe in color. This goes on dark as well, USE SPARINGLY.
 The 3rd color on the bottom is like a cross between the color of milk chocolate and very dark chocolate. 
 The top line is a bit more golden in hue than the photo shows. These colors work well on blondes, and on cooler toned people with lighter brown hair.
 The middle row goes well with all sorts of auburn to copper hair.
 The bottom line is more for a combo of gray (both warmish and cooler) and dark brown hair. 
 USEThese are a combo set. They are waxy for setting the brows, and the powders are to use over top or alone. They are NOT the same exact formula as their traditional eyeshadow, but they work well as a great contour or crease color. 
 What I love about this set is that if you are doing a really bright look for instance, you can use one of these colors which closest resembles your hair, use in the crease, and then it will temper the look, make it still look great, and give perfect depth. 
 As long as you don't overuse the wax and use a good slanted brush (I use Anastasia brow brush) and you gently apply the colors until it looks right, you can really get some good use out of this palette.
 I am not only a makeup artist, but also change my hair often so having all colors at my disposal means I can adapt my brows without purchasing additional product.While I absolutely love viseart eye shadow palettes, this palette is nothing to write home about. I did really like the dark brow pomade, but the shadows weren't, in my opinion, as pigmented as I would've liked. Definitely would purchase just the brow pomade, but the shadows aren't worth it.I agree with the other reviewers who say that the palette looks darker in person. I have very fair skin and, at first glance, didn't think this could work for me. In fact, I almost returned it without trying it but I'm glad I didn't. The eye shadows are highly pigmented and, most importantly, very blendable. They blend out like a dream so it is easy to control the intensity of the color. There aren't a ton of matte palettes on the market so to find one this high-quality is awesome. Definitely recommend.The shades are definitely darker in person. Very, very warm shades. The lightest shade isn't light at all.Just as a sidenote: I wish these were all powder, because THIS is truly a neutral palette. The palette they call "neutral" is actually mostly warm. That said...
 Every pan in this palette is universally usable. The quality of the shadows is excellent - blendable, pigmented, perfect texture, staying power - all the things you want in a shadow, and all the things you've heard said about this brand. It's all true. HOWEVER - This brand is aimed at makeup artists, but since Sephora's target market includes beauty consumers of all types, Sephora is marketing this as three brow pomades and nine shadows. While these powder pans can absolutely be used as shadows, they are formulated as dual purpose. Viseart explains this on other sites. These are not the same exact formula as their straight up eyeshadows. Their shadows in other palettes are formulated for lids, and are therefore slightly more pigmented. If you want these for shadow, I still wouldn't hesitate. But, I thought this was worth a mention for those who might already own other Viseart palettes and be expecting the exact same thing from the powders in this palette, formula-wise. 
 Bottom Line: Personally, I reach for this everyday. Even if you never use the brow pomade pans, you'll get your money's worth from the other shades.I love all the colors in this palette. I do wish that the eyebrow cremes were shadows instead, but the rest is really pretty anyways so it's ok.If you like Viseart you will like this . My only complaint is that I found it to be much darker in person . its still pretty but I was slightly taken back when I opened itYet another great palette of matte eyeshadows by Viseart. Colour payoff is good, the pomade for the eyebrows are a great addition. Happy overall.