This collection features three one-ounce jars which include the Resurfacing Mask, Purifying Mask, and the Honey Blossom Mask. Each one of the jars do something completely different, however you can cleverly use all three at the same time to target specific issues. All of the products in Tata Harpers line are 100% natural and nontoxic. The products are produced and packaged on an organic farm in Vermont.I wish there had been a better discount on this set, at this price i feel like $10 off isn't that much, so i took a star off for that. All the masks are great though. Ive loved the purifying mask for a long time, its the best clay mask I've ever used, and I've tried a lot. The original resurfacing mask is amazing too, it gives you soft glowing skin and helps with acne as well. The honey blossom mask is nice, I've only used it once so far, and it definitely left my face red that night, but when I woke up the next morning my skin looked great. I'm going to have to use that one more to really see how much i like it, i may just have left it on a little too long, i do have very sensitive skin. The box that they come in is surprisingly nice as well, its sturdy and the liner comes out so you can use it to store things if you wantThis collection features three one-ounce jars which include the Resurfacing Mask, Purifying Mask, and the Honey Blossom Mask. Each one of the jars do something completely different, however you can cleverly use all three at the same time to target specific issues. All of the products in Tata Harpers line are 100% natural and nontoxic. The products are produced and packaged on an organic farm in Vermont.I wish there had been a better discount on this set, at this price i feel like $10 off isn't that much, so i took a star off for that. All the masks are great though. Ive loved the purifying mask for a long time, its the best clay mask I've ever used, and I've tried a lot. The original resurfacing mask is amazing too, it gives you soft glowing skin and helps with acne as well. The honey blossom mask is nice, I've only used it once so far, and it definitely left my face red that night, but when I woke up the next morning my skin looked great. I'm going to have to use that one more to really see how much i like it, i may just have left it on a little too long, i do have very sensitive skin. The box that they come in is surprisingly nice as well, its sturdy and the liner comes out so you can use it to store things if you wantThis collection features three one-ounce jars which include the Resurfacing Mask, Purifying Mask, and the Honey Blossom Mask. Each one of the jars do something completely different, however you can cleverly use all three at the same time to target specific issues. All of the products in Tata Harpers line are 100% natural and nontoxic. The products are produced and packaged on an organic farm in Vermont.I wish there had been a better discount on this set, at this price i feel like $10 off isn't that much, so i took a star off for that. All the masks are great though. Ive loved the purifying mask for a long time, its the best clay mask I've ever used, and I've tried a lot. The original resurfacing mask is amazing too, it gives you soft glowing skin and helps with acne as well. The honey blossom mask is nice, I've only used it once so far, and it definitely left my face red that night, but when I woke up the next morning my skin looked great. I'm going to have to use that one more to really see how much i like it, i may just have left it on a little too long, i do have very sensitive skin. The box that they come in is surprisingly nice as well, its sturdy and the liner comes out so you can use it to store things if you want