I have the other Meteorites presses powder and wasn't impressed with that. I thought with the elevated price and great reviews, this must be better. It wasn't. I don't see any difference on my face when I use this. It doesn't show on my skin at all. No glow. Nothing at all.Beautiful, heavy compact. The powder has a very slight scent of lilac flowers. I'm very sensitive to everything but not this. I love this powder very much. If you want to break away from the usual powder scents, this is your chance to have something luxurious and not your day to day smelling usual powder.I bought this compact due to crazy curiosity. The thought of a $150+ compact was too intriguing to pass up. The pros:This compact means business. It has awesome heft, it doesn't rattle, closes magnetically. It is probably the best compact I have owned. 
 The cons:The powder isn't revolutionary. It has a light lilac? smell, which does go away but if you are at all sensitive- this probably isn't for you. 
 I have combination skin and found that it did help keep my T-zone from becoming overly shiny. Honestly, I found it to be similar to other powders I own, but I love whipping this out for the glam factor.I love, love this powder!! It makes your face the perfect matte glow! It also looks great at the end of the day! Worth every penny!Beautiful packaging, superb quality of the powder. However, I lightly brush it on my face, I look cloudy, no glow at all. (Just look like what you see in the pan, blue/grey'ish) Sorry, Return it right away.I did a lot of research before choosing Guerlain, I wanted a pressed powder to set my foundation while adding a little glow. Well, I made the right call. The smell is so precious like the compact. I already bought a refill so I won't miss my dose every day. It doesn't left a color on the face. It is not a highlight is a translucent luminous powder and my face loves it! I feel like a million dollar skin when I do my makeup. Don't doubt it, it is good!!I have never loved a powder this much in my entire life. The smell is delicate, sweet, and refreshing. I can smell it on my face and it makes me so happy.
 I have huge pores and combination skin. I use this as my setting powder and for touch ups during the day. This leaves no white cast and reduces shine. My skin feels like velvet to the touch even and it lasts for a good while. This is the most beautiful powder I have ever used. Typically I just use a Real Techniques powder brush.
 The packaging is wonderful I bought the full compact + powder (instead of just the $60 refill) because I've seen so many people putting powders into antique compacts. This compact is smooth and cool on the bottom and I love touching the bumps on the top. The mirror is awesome and crystal clear. Also, the compact is refillable and I plan on keeping this one until I'm dead or giving it to one of my kids or grandchildren if they love makeup as much as I do.