Which skin type is it good for?✔ Normal✔ Oily✔ Combination✔ Dry✔ SensitiveWhat it is:A solid that transforms to non-greasy oil upon contact for the perfect multitasking fix for rough, dry patches, flyaway hair, and unruly eyebrows.Solutions for:- DrynessIf you want to know more… The Fixer Solid Oil was created for those who need a portable but effective way to combat dry skin and flyaway hair. The breakthrough oil-gel formula transforms from solid to non-greasy oil upon contact and absorbs quickly to nourish and hydrate dry skin. It is offered in a sleek jar designed for portability and convenience.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:This product contains only natural oils and is free of FDC colors, SD alcohol, mineral oil, petrolatum, talc, TEA, formaldehydes, waxes, and fillers. Designed to be used as part of the Pre:Empt Series™, The Fixer Solid Oil features Dr. Perricone’s proprietary Nrf2 Antioxidant Support Complex™ which supports skin’s natural ability to combat oxidative stress and environmental aggravators and works to diminish the first signs of aging.Which skin type is it good for?✔ Normal✔ Oily✔ Combination✔ Dry✔ SensitiveWhat it is:A solid that transforms to non-greasy oil upon contact for the perfect multitasking fix for rough, dry patches, flyaway hair, and unruly eyebrows.Solutions for:- DrynessIf you want to know more… The Fixer Solid Oil was created for those who need a portable but effective way to combat dry skin and flyaway hair. The breakthrough oil-gel formula transforms from solid to non-greasy oil upon contact and absorbs quickly to nourish and hydrate dry skin. It is offered in a sleek jar designed for portability and convenience.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:This product contains only natural oils and is free of FDC colors, SD alcohol, mineral oil, petrolatum, talc, TEA, formaldehydes, waxes, and fillers. Designed to be used as part of the Pre:Empt Series™, The Fixer Solid Oil features Dr. Perricone’s proprietary Nrf2 Antioxidant Support Complex™ which supports skin’s natural ability to combat oxidative stress and environmental aggravators and works to diminish the first signs of aging.Which skin type is it good for?✔ Normal✔ Oily✔ Combination✔ Dry✔ SensitiveWhat it is:A solid that transforms to non-greasy oil upon contact for the perfect multitasking fix for rough, dry patches, flyaway hair, and unruly eyebrows.Solutions for:- DrynessIf you want to know more… The Fixer Solid Oil was created for those who need a portable but effective way to combat dry skin and flyaway hair. The breakthrough oil-gel formula transforms from solid to non-greasy oil upon contact and absorbs quickly to nourish and hydrate dry skin. It is offered in a sleek jar designed for portability and convenience.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:This product contains only natural oils and is free of FDC colors, SD alcohol, mineral oil, petrolatum, talc, TEA, formaldehydes, waxes, and fillers. Designed to be used as part of the Pre:Empt Series™, The Fixer Solid Oil features Dr. Perricone’s proprietary Nrf2 Antioxidant Support Complex™ which supports skin’s natural ability to combat oxidative stress and environmental aggravators and works to diminish the first signs of aging.