This is a Holy Grail product. You need to use only a tiny amount - super hydrating and yet is absorbed miraculously fast so you don't feel greasy. The solid is an excellent solution for travelers. Nice smell. I use it on my hands and cuticles.This is great for any dry areas that you may have; rather it's on your face, lips, hands or body. You just take a tiny bit, warm it between your fingertips and pat on where needed. It's a great skin-saver for those drier months! And I love that it's travel friendly. The scent is pleasant and not overly strong (like a lot of Perricone products). I wish they would come out with this in a stick form since I don't like having to put my finger into jars:(This is a Holy Grail product. You need to use only a tiny amount - super hydrating and yet is absorbed miraculously fast so you don't feel greasy. The solid is an excellent solution for travelers. Nice smell. I use it on my hands and cuticles.This is great for any dry areas that you may have; rather it's on your face, lips, hands or body. You just take a tiny bit, warm it between your fingertips and pat on where needed. It's a great skin-saver for those drier months! And I love that it's travel friendly. The scent is pleasant and not overly strong (like a lot of Perricone products). I wish they would come out with this in a stick form since I don't like having to put my finger into jars:(This is a Holy Grail product. You need to use only a tiny amount - super hydrating and yet is absorbed miraculously fast so you don't feel greasy. The solid is an excellent solution for travelers. Nice smell. I use it on my hands and cuticles.This is great for any dry areas that you may have; rather it's on your face, lips, hands or body. You just take a tiny bit, warm it between your fingertips and pat on where needed. It's a great skin-saver for those drier months! And I love that it's travel friendly. The scent is pleasant and not overly strong (like a lot of Perricone products). I wish they would come out with this in a stick form since I don't like having to put my finger into jars:(