Love this! Waaaaay better than the original Moroccan oil! It made my hair inanely soft, even made my extensions soft. I used a tiny amount like the size of a pea or even smaller. If you use too much you're hair will be a greasy mess. Keep it away from your roots. I put a drop in my wet hair before blow drying and omg the softness!!! I didn't need to reapply after my hair was dry at all. Better than chi, kenra, kerastase, oribe. This product is the HG in my opinion. I would love to see them come out with a light version of this since if you put too much in your hair it becomes limp. I can just use a tiny tiny amount. Five stars! My hair feels great like it's never been damaged by heat ever. I can't get over it.I ordered this after looking into purchasing their Original Moroccan Oil formula vs this one. I noticed the original formula that everyone raves about is mostly synthetic fragrance and only 5% Argan oil. It is overpriced for a bottle full of chemicals that are harmful to your health in the long run. This product on the other hand has no added synthetics or chemicals, it's all pure Argan oil. I would much rather pay $10 more for the real thing and it's sooo much healthier for you too!I love the smell. I love that it's not oily. I love that my skin feels so soft and hydrated. One of the best oils I've tried.Love this! Waaaaay better than the original Moroccan oil! It made my hair inanely soft, even made my extensions soft. I used a tiny amount like the size of a pea or even smaller. If you use too much you're hair will be a greasy mess. Keep it away from your roots. I put a drop in my wet hair before blow drying and omg the softness!!! I didn't need to reapply after my hair was dry at all. Better than chi, kenra, kerastase, oribe. This product is the HG in my opinion. I would love to see them come out with a light version of this since if you put too much in your hair it becomes limp. I can just use a tiny tiny amount. Five stars! My hair feels great like it's never been damaged by heat ever. I can't get over it.I ordered this after looking into purchasing their Original Moroccan Oil formula vs this one. I noticed the original formula that everyone raves about is mostly synthetic fragrance and only 5% Argan oil. It is overpriced for a bottle full of chemicals that are harmful to your health in the long run. This product on the other hand has no added synthetics or chemicals, it's all pure Argan oil. I would much rather pay $10 more for the real thing and it's sooo much healthier for you too!I love the smell. I love that it's not oily. I love that my skin feels so soft and hydrated. One of the best oils I've tried.Love this! Waaaaay better than the original Moroccan oil! It made my hair inanely soft, even made my extensions soft. I used a tiny amount like the size of a pea or even smaller. If you use too much you're hair will be a greasy mess. Keep it away from your roots. I put a drop in my wet hair before blow drying and omg the softness!!! I didn't need to reapply after my hair was dry at all. Better than chi, kenra, kerastase, oribe. This product is the HG in my opinion. I would love to see them come out with a light version of this since if you put too much in your hair it becomes limp. I can just use a tiny tiny amount. Five stars! My hair feels great like it's never been damaged by heat ever. I can't get over it.I ordered this after looking into purchasing their Original Moroccan Oil formula vs this one. I noticed the original formula that everyone raves about is mostly synthetic fragrance and only 5% Argan oil. It is overpriced for a bottle full of chemicals that are harmful to your health in the long run. This product on the other hand has no added synthetics or chemicals, it's all pure Argan oil. I would much rather pay $10 more for the real thing and it's sooo much healthier for you too!I love the smell. I love that it's not oily. I love that my skin feels so soft and hydrated. One of the best oils I've tried.