Just picked up a sample in the shade "beige" yesterday and am totally pleased with coverage and feel to this product. It goes on like a moisturizer and feels like I am wearing nothing. For someone who wears little to no makeup each day, this is the perfect product to get a fresh and moisturized faceI am a big Philosophy fan but I've never tried Hope in a Jar surprisingly. However, when I saw this I had to try it. It's a budget friendly product because you're getting two-in-one. It has the coverage of a foundation but the hydration and lightness you'd find in a moisturizer. This is the perfect product if you're looking for a fresh dewy look.Tried a sample of this and oh my god is it amazing , I had it on all day and it was flawless my skin looked so hydrated and plumped . I'm so happy I found a super light weight tinted moisturizer but with medium to full coverage.I struggled with buying this because I had no clue what shade to use. If you check out the philosophy site, they actually have a shade finder with more accurate coloring. Not sure what's going on with the color on sephora. But this stuff is great. I am replacing my Cicapair cream which I LLOOOOVVVEEE but it makes me break out.Feels just like my moisturizer, but actually has coverage.Just picked up a sample in the shade "beige" yesterday and am totally pleased with coverage and feel to this product. It goes on like a moisturizer and feels like I am wearing nothing. For someone who wears little to no makeup each day, this is the perfect product to get a fresh and moisturized faceI am a big Philosophy fan but I've never tried Hope in a Jar surprisingly. However, when I saw this I had to try it. It's a budget friendly product because you're getting two-in-one. It has the coverage of a foundation but the hydration and lightness you'd find in a moisturizer. This is the perfect product if you're looking for a fresh dewy look.Tried a sample of this and oh my god is it amazing , I had it on all day and it was flawless my skin looked so hydrated and plumped . I'm so happy I found a super light weight tinted moisturizer but with medium to full coverage.I struggled with buying this because I had no clue what shade to use. If you check out the philosophy site, they actually have a shade finder with more accurate coloring. Not sure what's going on with the color on sephora. But this stuff is great. I am replacing my Cicapair cream which I LLOOOOVVVEEE but it makes me break out.Feels just like my moisturizer, but actually has coverage.Just picked up a sample in the shade "beige" yesterday and am totally pleased with coverage and feel to this product. It goes on like a moisturizer and feels like I am wearing nothing. For someone who wears little to no makeup each day, this is the perfect product to get a fresh and moisturized faceI am a big Philosophy fan but I've never tried Hope in a Jar surprisingly. However, when I saw this I had to try it. It's a budget friendly product because you're getting two-in-one. It has the coverage of a foundation but the hydration and lightness you'd find in a moisturizer. This is the perfect product if you're looking for a fresh dewy look.Tried a sample of this and oh my god is it amazing , I had it on all day and it was flawless my skin looked so hydrated and plumped . I'm so happy I found a super light weight tinted moisturizer but with medium to full coverage.I struggled with buying this because I had no clue what shade to use. If you check out the philosophy site, they actually have a shade finder with more accurate coloring. Not sure what's going on with the color on sephora. But this stuff is great. I am replacing my Cicapair cream which I LLOOOOVVVEEE but it makes me break out.Feels just like my moisturizer, but actually has coverage.