Long time fan of Viseart here and was so excited to snap the contour and highlight up, but the actual colors of the compact vary wildly from the Lovley colors shown on screen. The deepest color is a true deep cool brown, not a plum-brown and the coral and pinkish highlight colors are a Lovley champagne and light gold color instead. The warmest color is a beautiful bronze gold set across from the darkest brown pan. I sooo wanted the pink, apricot and plum! Don't get me wrong this is a beautiful combo just be prepared for all the pans to be much cooler than shown.I have been wanting to build up my makeup kit to cater to everyone from the lightest of skin tones to the deepest. It's very easy to find contour shades for light skin, but not so much for deeper skin. I have the Tarte contour palette from Makeupbyshayla and it's good, but still doesn't get deep enough. The purple toned contour in the darkest row is the absolute perfect shade for deep skin tones. I love it! I was shocked by how well it worked on one of my clients! I will be repurchasing.This palette is so convenient, you have a contour color, a sculpting/bronzing color and highlighters all in one place. All smooth and pigmented, the only problem I can see is that the deepest shade is actually purple instead of deep brown. Guess you can use it to sculpt your eyes?Just BUY it! This palette really is everything you would expect. It's perfection.Long time fan of Viseart here and was so excited to snap the contour and highlight up, but the actual colors of the compact vary wildly from the Lovley colors shown on screen. The deepest color is a true deep cool brown, not a plum-brown and the coral and pinkish highlight colors are a Lovley champagne and light gold color instead. The warmest color is a beautiful bronze gold set across from the darkest brown pan. I sooo wanted the pink, apricot and plum! Don't get me wrong this is a beautiful combo just be prepared for all the pans to be much cooler than shown.I have been wanting to build up my makeup kit to cater to everyone from the lightest of skin tones to the deepest. It's very easy to find contour shades for light skin, but not so much for deeper skin. I have the Tarte contour palette from Makeupbyshayla and it's good, but still doesn't get deep enough. The purple toned contour in the darkest row is the absolute perfect shade for deep skin tones. I love it! I was shocked by how well it worked on one of my clients! I will be repurchasing.This palette is so convenient, you have a contour color, a sculpting/bronzing color and highlighters all in one place. All smooth and pigmented, the only problem I can see is that the deepest shade is actually purple instead of deep brown. Guess you can use it to sculpt your eyes?Just BUY it! This palette really is everything you would expect. It's perfection.Long time fan of Viseart here and was so excited to snap the contour and highlight up, but the actual colors of the compact vary wildly from the Lovley colors shown on screen. The deepest color is a true deep cool brown, not a plum-brown and the coral and pinkish highlight colors are a Lovley champagne and light gold color instead. The warmest color is a beautiful bronze gold set across from the darkest brown pan. I sooo wanted the pink, apricot and plum! Don't get me wrong this is a beautiful combo just be prepared for all the pans to be much cooler than shown.I have been wanting to build up my makeup kit to cater to everyone from the lightest of skin tones to the deepest. It's very easy to find contour shades for light skin, but not so much for deeper skin. I have the Tarte contour palette from Makeupbyshayla and it's good, but still doesn't get deep enough. The purple toned contour in the darkest row is the absolute perfect shade for deep skin tones. I love it! I was shocked by how well it worked on one of my clients! I will be repurchasing.This palette is so convenient, you have a contour color, a sculpting/bronzing color and highlighters all in one place. All smooth and pigmented, the only problem I can see is that the deepest shade is actually purple instead of deep brown. Guess you can use it to sculpt your eyes?Just BUY it! This palette really is everything you would expect. It's perfection.