This palette is a must have for me! The shades really called to me, and the formula is a dream! The pigmentation is stunning, but expect some major fall out if you don't plan to foil. Absolutely a staple in my collection.These are soooo amazing! I've been hoarding all types and brands of eyeshadow for years, and now I'm ready to give mine away and replace them with ND's palettes! Had to see what all the buzz was about before taking the leap and now I see!Love these colors!!! Absolutely beautiful and super pigmented! #obsessedAbsolutely got shades and texture. Doesn't crease on the eyes after time even when a primer isn't used. LOVE this palette! Perfect if you're looking for an alt to ND 28 pan palette (which I also own). So worth it!!!I think Natasha Denona has some of the best eyeshadow's I've ever used before. Every shadow is so pigmented it's unreal. They are so buttery, Fall out isn't too bad but I always do my eyes first so if I get any fallout it doesn't matter. I use the UD primer potion in Eden or use my brightening concealer as a primer on my eyes and I haven't had any issues with the shadows looking faded or lackluster as the day goes on. Hands down worth the price tag !These are beautiful colors! The best shimmers around!This palette is a must have for me! The shades really called to me, and the formula is a dream! The pigmentation is stunning, but expect some major fall out if you don't plan to foil. Absolutely a staple in my collection.These are soooo amazing! I've been hoarding all types and brands of eyeshadow for years, and now I'm ready to give mine away and replace them with ND's palettes! Had to see what all the buzz was about before taking the leap and now I see!Love these colors!!! Absolutely beautiful and super pigmented! #obsessedAbsolutely got shades and texture. Doesn't crease on the eyes after time even when a primer isn't used. LOVE this palette! Perfect if you're looking for an alt to ND 28 pan palette (which I also own). So worth it!!!I think Natasha Denona has some of the best eyeshadow's I've ever used before. Every shadow is so pigmented it's unreal. They are so buttery, Fall out isn't too bad but I always do my eyes first so if I get any fallout it doesn't matter. I use the UD primer potion in Eden or use my brightening concealer as a primer on my eyes and I haven't had any issues with the shadows looking faded or lackluster as the day goes on. Hands down worth the price tag !These are beautiful colors! The best shimmers around!This palette is a must have for me! The shades really called to me, and the formula is a dream! The pigmentation is stunning, but expect some major fall out if you don't plan to foil. Absolutely a staple in my collection.These are soooo amazing! I've been hoarding all types and brands of eyeshadow for years, and now I'm ready to give mine away and replace them with ND's palettes! Had to see what all the buzz was about before taking the leap and now I see!Love these colors!!! Absolutely beautiful and super pigmented! #obsessedAbsolutely got shades and texture. Doesn't crease on the eyes after time even when a primer isn't used. LOVE this palette! Perfect if you're looking for an alt to ND 28 pan palette (which I also own). So worth it!!!I think Natasha Denona has some of the best eyeshadow's I've ever used before. Every shadow is so pigmented it's unreal. They are so buttery, Fall out isn't too bad but I always do my eyes first so if I get any fallout it doesn't matter. I use the UD primer potion in Eden or use my brightening concealer as a primer on my eyes and I haven't had any issues with the shadows looking faded or lackluster as the day goes on. Hands down worth the price tag !These are beautiful colors! The best shimmers around!