I really like this product because of how lightweight it is. When I apply it in the morning sometimes I'll forget I put it on. It it somewhat pricey but it is a good product.This is a great lightweight alternative to Future Solution's day cream. It moisturizes my combination skin well, and I don't get oily during the day. My skin stays hydrated and comfortable. When I first felt the texture, I didn't think it would give me enough moisture in places--it was so lightweight, but I tried it anyway, and my skin feels great and is looking great. I've been using this line for about two months, and my skin tone is more even and my pores are less noticeable. I also have sensitive skin and haven't had any issues with this product.I really like this product because of how lightweight it is. When I apply it in the morning sometimes I'll forget I put it on. It it somewhat pricey but it is a good product.This is a great lightweight alternative to Future Solution's day cream. It moisturizes my combination skin well, and I don't get oily during the day. My skin stays hydrated and comfortable. When I first felt the texture, I didn't think it would give me enough moisture in places--it was so lightweight, but I tried it anyway, and my skin feels great and is looking great. I've been using this line for about two months, and my skin tone is more even and my pores are less noticeable. I also have sensitive skin and haven't had any issues with this product.I really like this product because of how lightweight it is. When I apply it in the morning sometimes I'll forget I put it on. It it somewhat pricey but it is a good product.This is a great lightweight alternative to Future Solution's day cream. It moisturizes my combination skin well, and I don't get oily during the day. My skin stays hydrated and comfortable. When I first felt the texture, I didn't think it would give me enough moisture in places--it was so lightweight, but I tried it anyway, and my skin feels great and is looking great. I've been using this line for about two months, and my skin tone is more even and my pores are less noticeable. I also have sensitive skin and haven't had any issues with this product.