Went through an entire bottle, have not noticed anything different with my skin. I expected SO much from this line.For $200, I expected a choir of angels to sing praises of my "superior" and "radiant" skin after using this product. Instead, I'm left feeling like that was $200 I'm not getting back. I still have an uneven skin tone and while it does glide on and make my skin feel silky smooth, overall I'm seriously unimpressed.I know it's expensive but it really works! My neck looks good, and I use it around my eyes and lips. A little goes a long way, and I don't break out!I got this as a gratis from work and I honestly love love this. Although I am only 21 I do need a lot of work on my skin due to acne scars, dullness and large pores and this stuff works! I've been getting so much compliment on my skin lately I just love this stuff. it really helped to lighten my dark spots, and improved the texture of my skin. it also gives you a natural glow finish. I was afraid to use this due to the fact that I have extremely oily skin and this helps to control my oils. I would definitely keep this as a part of my skincare regiment.Went through an entire bottle, have not noticed anything different with my skin. I expected SO much from this line.For $200, I expected a choir of angels to sing praises of my "superior" and "radiant" skin after using this product. Instead, I'm left feeling like that was $200 I'm not getting back. I still have an uneven skin tone and while it does glide on and make my skin feel silky smooth, overall I'm seriously unimpressed.I know it's expensive but it really works! My neck looks good, and I use it around my eyes and lips. A little goes a long way, and I don't break out!I got this as a gratis from work and I honestly love love this. Although I am only 21 I do need a lot of work on my skin due to acne scars, dullness and large pores and this stuff works! I've been getting so much compliment on my skin lately I just love this stuff. it really helped to lighten my dark spots, and improved the texture of my skin. it also gives you a natural glow finish. I was afraid to use this due to the fact that I have extremely oily skin and this helps to control my oils. I would definitely keep this as a part of my skincare regiment.Went through an entire bottle, have not noticed anything different with my skin. I expected SO much from this line.For $200, I expected a choir of angels to sing praises of my "superior" and "radiant" skin after using this product. Instead, I'm left feeling like that was $200 I'm not getting back. I still have an uneven skin tone and while it does glide on and make my skin feel silky smooth, overall I'm seriously unimpressed.I know it's expensive but it really works! My neck looks good, and I use it around my eyes and lips. A little goes a long way, and I don't break out!I got this as a gratis from work and I honestly love love this. Although I am only 21 I do need a lot of work on my skin due to acne scars, dullness and large pores and this stuff works! I've been getting so much compliment on my skin lately I just love this stuff. it really helped to lighten my dark spots, and improved the texture of my skin. it also gives you a natural glow finish. I was afraid to use this due to the fact that I have extremely oily skin and this helps to control my oils. I would definitely keep this as a part of my skincare regiment.