I suppose I expected it to make my skin more radiant. However it did say non irritating, and with that I guess you don't get the glow, or the radiance. I'm keeping it. I'm sure its nourishing my skin and it's not hurting it like some,product do. I'm happy wth it.I admit, with the price point and the marketing of the brand, I expected a bit more from this. No miracles, but a rich moisturizer truly fit for sensitive skin that won't clog my pores. My skin can only tolerate this moisturizer only at night. It feels great on, but it's still very heavy enough to clog some pores in my T zone. I use a tiny amount and pat it on my face to prevent over usage.I use this along with the other Method products and Intensive Night Treatment. It leaves my skin feeling supple, dewy and moisturized..very calming and hydratingI suppose I expected it to make my skin more radiant. However it did say non irritating, and with that I guess you don't get the glow, or the radiance. I'm keeping it. I'm sure its nourishing my skin and it's not hurting it like some,product do. I'm happy wth it.I admit, with the price point and the marketing of the brand, I expected a bit more from this. No miracles, but a rich moisturizer truly fit for sensitive skin that won't clog my pores. My skin can only tolerate this moisturizer only at night. It feels great on, but it's still very heavy enough to clog some pores in my T zone. I use a tiny amount and pat it on my face to prevent over usage.I use this along with the other Method products and Intensive Night Treatment. It leaves my skin feeling supple, dewy and moisturized..very calming and hydratingI suppose I expected it to make my skin more radiant. However it did say non irritating, and with that I guess you don't get the glow, or the radiance. I'm keeping it. I'm sure its nourishing my skin and it's not hurting it like some,product do. I'm happy wth it.I admit, with the price point and the marketing of the brand, I expected a bit more from this. No miracles, but a rich moisturizer truly fit for sensitive skin that won't clog my pores. My skin can only tolerate this moisturizer only at night. It feels great on, but it's still very heavy enough to clog some pores in my T zone. I use a tiny amount and pat it on my face to prevent over usage.I use this along with the other Method products and Intensive Night Treatment. It leaves my skin feeling supple, dewy and moisturized..very calming and hydrating