Great product! I have straight thick hair and it leaves my hair silky; takes a while to lather if you like a great clean rinse and repeat; downside is that it's an investment to keep on a monthly basis. My hair feels amazing when i decide to flat iron or blow dry it. It keeps smooth and fresh for 3 days without feeling greasy (for experimental purposes i left it that long bc i have naturally oily hair and i wanted to see how long it can last)I'm afraid you'll only be paying for the packaging, which is all plastic, even the lid. I ordered this online, taking a gamble. The smell is so sweet, it smells exactly like as if I went to the grocery store and dumped an entire bottle of almond extract onto my head. The performance of the product was lacking as well as it dried my hair out horribly. I wouldn't recommend and wouldn't re purchase. I only gave two stars because packaging was cute.Great product! I have straight thick hair and it leaves my hair silky; takes a while to lather if you like a great clean rinse and repeat; downside is that it's an investment to keep on a monthly basis. My hair feels amazing when i decide to flat iron or blow dry it. It keeps smooth and fresh for 3 days without feeling greasy (for experimental purposes i left it that long bc i have naturally oily hair and i wanted to see how long it can last)Great product! I have straight thick hair and it leaves my hair silky; takes a while to lather if you like a great clean rinse and repeat; downside is that it's an investment to keep on a monthly basis. My hair feels amazing when i decide to flat iron or blow dry it. It keeps smooth and fresh for 3 days without feeling greasy (for experimental purposes i left it that long bc i have naturally oily hair and i wanted to see how long it can last)I'm afraid you'll only be paying for the packaging, which is all plastic, even the lid. I ordered this online, taking a gamble. The smell is so sweet, it smells exactly like as if I went to the grocery store and dumped an entire bottle of almond extract onto my head. The performance of the product was lacking as well as it dried my hair out horribly. I wouldn't recommend and wouldn't re purchase. I only gave two stars because packaging was cute.Great product! I have straight thick hair and it leaves my hair silky; takes a while to lather if you like a great clean rinse and repeat; downside is that it's an investment to keep on a monthly basis. My hair feels amazing when i decide to flat iron or blow dry it. It keeps smooth and fresh for 3 days without feeling greasy (for experimental purposes i left it that long bc i have naturally oily hair and i wanted to see how long it can last)Great product! I have straight thick hair and it leaves my hair silky; takes a while to lather if you like a great clean rinse and repeat; downside is that it's an investment to keep on a monthly basis. My hair feels amazing when i decide to flat iron or blow dry it. It keeps smooth and fresh for 3 days without feeling greasy (for experimental purposes i left it that long bc i have naturally oily hair and i wanted to see how long it can last)I'm afraid you'll only be paying for the packaging, which is all plastic, even the lid. I ordered this online, taking a gamble. The smell is so sweet, it smells exactly like as if I went to the grocery store and dumped an entire bottle of almond extract onto my head. The performance of the product was lacking as well as it dried my hair out horribly. I wouldn't recommend and wouldn't re purchase. I only gave two stars because packaging was cute.