This stuff is heinous. Never found such garbage "Made in Italy". If you want a cologne type body wash I suggest the men's fragrance body washes. I love them and they are half the price. Save your money. This stuff smells like spa soap.smells great！ but need to squeeze really hard to get the gel.Wish I could use this every time I showered but it is pricey. I bought this a month ago and have only used one fourth of the bottle so far. It's an amazing body and hair wash. Highly recommended!This stuff is heinous. Never found such garbage "Made in Italy". If you want a cologne type body wash I suggest the men's fragrance body washes. I love them and they are half the price. Save your money. This stuff smells like spa soap.This stuff is heinous. Never found such garbage "Made in Italy". If you want a cologne type body wash I suggest the men's fragrance body washes. I love them and they are half the price. Save your money. This stuff smells like spa soap.smells great！ but need to squeeze really hard to get the gel.This stuff is heinous. Never found such garbage "Made in Italy". If you want a cologne type body wash I suggest the men's fragrance body washes. I love them and they are half the price. Save your money. This stuff smells like spa soap.smells great！ but need to squeeze really hard to get the gel.Wish I could use this every time I showered but it is pricey. I bought this a month ago and have only used one fourth of the bottle so far. It's an amazing body and hair wash. Highly recommended!This stuff is heinous. Never found such garbage "Made in Italy". If you want a cologne type body wash I suggest the men's fragrance body washes. I love them and they are half the price. Save your money. This stuff smells like spa soap.This stuff is heinous. Never found such garbage "Made in Italy". If you want a cologne type body wash I suggest the men's fragrance body washes. I love them and they are half the price. Save your money. This stuff smells like spa soap.smells great！ but need to squeeze really hard to get the gel.This stuff is heinous. Never found such garbage "Made in Italy". If you want a cologne type body wash I suggest the men's fragrance body washes. I love them and they are half the price. Save your money. This stuff smells like spa soap.smells great！ but need to squeeze really hard to get the gel.Wish I could use this every time I showered but it is pricey. I bought this a month ago and have only used one fourth of the bottle so far. It's an amazing body and hair wash. Highly recommended!