I love this Shiseido sunscreen stick. It's meant as a sunscreen for tricky spots your normal sun protection might not reach, like the top of your ears, your part line, lips, around the eye area, not for all over your face. It's lightweight, not sticky, no unpleasant smell. Very handy! I keep one in my purse at all times!I have tried several shiseido sun protection products before. I was satisfied with most of them. This stick is nothing but GARBAG. It is so hard to apply and your face will look so fake. No wonder there is no review on sephora because most people are wise enough not to buy it. TRUST ME!DON NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!I love this Shiseido sunscreen stick. It's meant as a sunscreen for tricky spots your normal sun protection might not reach, like the top of your ears, your part line, lips, around the eye area, not for all over your face. It's lightweight, not sticky, no unpleasant smell. Very handy! I keep one in my purse at all times!I love this Shiseido sunscreen stick. It's meant as a sunscreen for tricky spots your normal sun protection might not reach, like the top of your ears, your part line, lips, around the eye area, not for all over your face. It's lightweight, not sticky, no unpleasant smell. Very handy! I keep one in my purse at all times!I have tried several shiseido sun protection products before. I was satisfied with most of them. This stick is nothing but GARBAG. It is so hard to apply and your face will look so fake. No wonder there is no review on sephora because most people are wise enough not to buy it. TRUST ME!DON NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!I love this Shiseido sunscreen stick. It's meant as a sunscreen for tricky spots your normal sun protection might not reach, like the top of your ears, your part line, lips, around the eye area, not for all over your face. It's lightweight, not sticky, no unpleasant smell. Very handy! I keep one in my purse at all times!I love this Shiseido sunscreen stick. It's meant as a sunscreen for tricky spots your normal sun protection might not reach, like the top of your ears, your part line, lips, around the eye area, not for all over your face. It's lightweight, not sticky, no unpleasant smell. Very handy! I keep one in my purse at all times!I have tried several shiseido sun protection products before. I was satisfied with most of them. This stick is nothing but GARBAG. It is so hard to apply and your face will look so fake. No wonder there is no review on sephora because most people are wise enough not to buy it. TRUST ME!DON NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!