This smells different than the one in stores in original packaging. The scent is the same but overly concentrated. I thought it was just me and went to another sephora to see if there was a difference and its not me. The original version is much lighter and gentle. I feel like i need fo really water this down to get the same scent which could be a good thing or a bad thing depending on how you look at it. Im probably still going to keep because i love the automizer and its cute for travel and you definately only need small amounts so it will last you a lifetime. But still gonna purchase the original as well because its more of a subtle-not in your face kinda scent. .This smells different than the one in stores in original packaging. The scent is the same but overly concentrated. I thought it was just me and went to another sephora to see if there was a difference and its not me. The original version is much lighter and gentle. I feel like i need fo really water this down to get the same scent which could be a good thing or a bad thing depending on how you look at it. Im probably still going to keep because i love the automizer and its cute for travel and you definately only need small amounts so it will last you a lifetime. But still gonna purchase the original as well because its more of a subtle-not in your face kinda scent. .This smells different than the one in stores in original packaging. The scent is the same but overly concentrated. I thought it was just me and went to another sephora to see if there was a difference and its not me. The original version is much lighter and gentle. I feel like i need fo really water this down to get the same scent which could be a good thing or a bad thing depending on how you look at it. Im probably still going to keep because i love the automizer and its cute for travel and you definately only need small amounts so it will last you a lifetime. But still gonna purchase the original as well because its more of a subtle-not in your face kinda scent. .