This product is misleadingly advertised as a blush, but it is a CC Cream in a tube with a blusher in the cap. Only cones in one shade, unfortunately. Nice and moisturising, but too much silicone in the product keeps the moisture from being absorbed-- so the product comes off if you touch your face at all.The top part is a cream blusher, the tube is a cc cream. I have light to medium combination skin, I didn't know if there were other shades, but the one I got was light. It blended out nicely and very natural looking with Med coverage. The blush is so pretty, I just draw it on my face than blend it out with a blush blush. Gives you that Korean glow. I think I love it so far.After elatedly seeing Too Cool For School being sold at Sephora I purchased this item; I have combo to oily skin and I live in a very humid place plus I swim everyday (Miami--near the beach.)I think you have to understand the mindset of the Korean beauty industry and their infatuation with dewy wet skin and fresh light blush. This is the manifestation of the word natural, the CC cream is nice but as stated it is a Korean brand so there is not a lot of skin shades and mostly has a yellow undertone. This is clearly nice for a fresh face and convenient access, I am in love with this as it can be layered (I have acne like any teen) but you NEED to set this with powder if you have any type of oil on your face.This product is misleadingly advertised as a blush, but it is a CC Cream in a tube with a blusher in the cap. Only cones in one shade, unfortunately. Nice and moisturising, but too much silicone in the product keeps the moisture from being absorbed-- so the product comes off if you touch your face at all.This product is misleadingly advertised as a blush, but it is a CC Cream in a tube with a blusher in the cap. Only cones in one shade, unfortunately. Nice and moisturising, but too much silicone in the product keeps the moisture from being absorbed-- so the product comes off if you touch your face at all.The top part is a cream blusher, the tube is a cc cream. I have light to medium combination skin, I didn't know if there were other shades, but the one I got was light. It blended out nicely and very natural looking with Med coverage. The blush is so pretty, I just draw it on my face than blend it out with a blush blush. Gives you that Korean glow. I think I love it so far.This product is misleadingly advertised as a blush, but it is a CC Cream in a tube with a blusher in the cap. Only cones in one shade, unfortunately. Nice and moisturising, but too much silicone in the product keeps the moisture from being absorbed-- so the product comes off if you touch your face at all.The top part is a cream blusher, the tube is a cc cream. I have light to medium combination skin, I didn't know if there were other shades, but the one I got was light. It blended out nicely and very natural looking with Med coverage. The blush is so pretty, I just draw it on my face than blend it out with a blush blush. Gives you that Korean glow. I think I love it so far.After elatedly seeing Too Cool For School being sold at Sephora I purchased this item; I have combo to oily skin and I live in a very humid place plus I swim everyday (Miami--near the beach.)I think you have to understand the mindset of the Korean beauty industry and their infatuation with dewy wet skin and fresh light blush. This is the manifestation of the word natural, the CC cream is nice but as stated it is a Korean brand so there is not a lot of skin shades and mostly has a yellow undertone. This is clearly nice for a fresh face and convenient access, I am in love with this as it can be layered (I have acne like any teen) but you NEED to set this with powder if you have any type of oil on your face.This product is misleadingly advertised as a blush, but it is a CC Cream in a tube with a blusher in the cap. Only cones in one shade, unfortunately. Nice and moisturising, but too much silicone in the product keeps the moisture from being absorbed-- so the product comes off if you touch your face at all.This product is misleadingly advertised as a blush, but it is a CC Cream in a tube with a blusher in the cap. Only cones in one shade, unfortunately. Nice and moisturising, but too much silicone in the product keeps the moisture from being absorbed-- so the product comes off if you touch your face at all.The top part is a cream blusher, the tube is a cc cream. I have light to medium combination skin, I didn't know if there were other shades, but the one I got was light. It blended out nicely and very natural looking with Med coverage. The blush is so pretty, I just draw it on my face than blend it out with a blush blush. Gives you that Korean glow. I think I love it so far.This product is misleadingly advertised as a blush, but it is a CC Cream in a tube with a blusher in the cap. Only cones in one shade, unfortunately. Nice and moisturising, but too much silicone in the product keeps the moisture from being absorbed-- so the product comes off if you touch your face at all.The top part is a cream blusher, the tube is a cc cream. I have light to medium combination skin, I didn't know if there were other shades, but the one I got was light. It blended out nicely and very natural looking with Med coverage. The blush is so pretty, I just draw it on my face than blend it out with a blush blush. Gives you that Korean glow. I think I love it so far.After elatedly seeing Too Cool For School being sold at Sephora I purchased this item; I have combo to oily skin and I live in a very humid place plus I swim everyday (Miami--near the beach.)I think you have to understand the mindset of the Korean beauty industry and their infatuation with dewy wet skin and fresh light blush. This is the manifestation of the word natural, the CC cream is nice but as stated it is a Korean brand so there is not a lot of skin shades and mostly has a yellow undertone. This is clearly nice for a fresh face and convenient access, I am in love with this as it can be layered (I have acne like any teen) but you NEED to set this with powder if you have any type of oil on your face.