I must say, I haven't used it very much, but I have this in my handbag for touch ups or when I have nothing on my face. This stick is handy for on-the-go. I bought it especially because it has a brush, which means one less thing to have in my bag. I use Hourglass products for blusher and contour and highlight on a daily basis and love those, because they need to touch-ups. I use this stick after the gym when I'm having an impromptu lunch.I used to be weary of bronzers because they were too Orange and glittery on me. I like how this bronzer is matte. I use a little bit on my cheeks, nose and forehead for all over glow. A little bit goes a long way and i like the contour brush included on the end- great value!I must say, I haven't used it very much, but I have this in my handbag for touch ups or when I have nothing on my face. This stick is handy for on-the-go. I bought it especially because it has a brush, which means one less thing to have in my bag. I use Hourglass products for blusher and contour and highlight on a daily basis and love those, because they need to touch-ups. I use this stick after the gym when I'm having an impromptu lunch.I must say, I haven't used it very much, but I have this in my handbag for touch ups or when I have nothing on my face. This stick is handy for on-the-go. I bought it especially because it has a brush, which means one less thing to have in my bag. I use Hourglass products for blusher and contour and highlight on a daily basis and love those, because they need to touch-ups. I use this stick after the gym when I'm having an impromptu lunch.I used to be weary of bronzers because they were too Orange and glittery on me. I like how this bronzer is matte. I use a little bit on my cheeks, nose and forehead for all over glow. A little bit goes a long way and i like the contour brush included on the end- great value!I must say, I haven't used it very much, but I have this in my handbag for touch ups or when I have nothing on my face. This stick is handy for on-the-go. I bought it especially because it has a brush, which means one less thing to have in my bag. I use Hourglass products for blusher and contour and highlight on a daily basis and love those, because they need to touch-ups. I use this stick after the gym when I'm having an impromptu lunch.I must say, I haven't used it very much, but I have this in my handbag for touch ups or when I have nothing on my face. This stick is handy for on-the-go. I bought it especially because it has a brush, which means one less thing to have in my bag. I use Hourglass products for blusher and contour and highlight on a daily basis and love those, because they need to touch-ups. I use this stick after the gym when I'm having an impromptu lunch.I used to be weary of bronzers because they were too Orange and glittery on me. I like how this bronzer is matte. I use a little bit on my cheeks, nose and forehead for all over glow. A little bit goes a long way and i like the contour brush included on the end- great value!