This is my first try with treStiQue. I have wanted to try a cream/stick blush for some time but could not decide on a colour in the NARS multiple, and so decided to take this for a spin. The packaging is really clever and is very easy to pack and take along - the magnet secures the cap so there is no danger of a mess. The attached brush is functional and soft, but i prefer my own blending brush. The product itself is extremely nice... I was a little alarmed at the colour at first because it looked quite orange, but once i applied it to my cheeks it was a really lovely shade of coral. The blush is very blendable, and stays put all day long without fading. I also love that this product is cruelty free. I am so happy with this product - it gives me healthy rosy cheeks without any shimmer or sparkle, and no breakouts. Love love love and highly recommend.I received a sample of this in my IPSY bag a few months ago and fell in love! Perfect blush for my travel bag. Blends beautifully on my skin. I'm pumped that Sephora is finally carrying the brand!I received a sample of this in my IPSY bag a few months ago and fell in love! Perfect blush for my travel bag. Blends beautifully on my skin. I'm pumped that Sephora is finally carrying the brand!This is my first try with treStiQue. I have wanted to try a cream/stick blush for some time but could not decide on a colour in the NARS multiple, and so decided to take this for a spin. The packaging is really clever and is very easy to pack and take along - the magnet secures the cap so there is no danger of a mess. The attached brush is functional and soft, but i prefer my own blending brush. The product itself is extremely nice... I was a little alarmed at the colour at first because it looked quite orange, but once i applied it to my cheeks it was a really lovely shade of coral. The blush is very blendable, and stays put all day long without fading. I also love that this product is cruelty free. I am so happy with this product - it gives me healthy rosy cheeks without any shimmer or sparkle, and no breakouts. Love love love and highly recommend.I received a sample of this in my IPSY bag a few months ago and fell in love! Perfect blush for my travel bag. Blends beautifully on my skin. I'm pumped that Sephora is finally carrying the brand!I received a sample of this in my IPSY bag a few months ago and fell in love! Perfect blush for my travel bag. Blends beautifully on my skin. I'm pumped that Sephora is finally carrying the brand!This is my first try with treStiQue. I have wanted to try a cream/stick blush for some time but could not decide on a colour in the NARS multiple, and so decided to take this for a spin. The packaging is really clever and is very easy to pack and take along - the magnet secures the cap so there is no danger of a mess. The attached brush is functional and soft, but i prefer my own blending brush. The product itself is extremely nice... I was a little alarmed at the colour at first because it looked quite orange, but once i applied it to my cheeks it was a really lovely shade of coral. The blush is very blendable, and stays put all day long without fading. I also love that this product is cruelty free. I am so happy with this product - it gives me healthy rosy cheeks without any shimmer or sparkle, and no breakouts. Love love love and highly recommend.