I have two small sprays of Caron's Poivre and was deeply disappointed in them, getting only clove . . . . bleh. Then came POIVRE ELECTRIQUE!!!! Oh my God this is gorgeous. Goes on strong smelling of leather and flowers and I must be honest, I'm not sure what, but it is so beautiful and gives the most realistic, yet beautifully fragrant rendition of leather than I own (and I have a lot of the classics). This deserves to be a classic for all time, something written about 50 years from now saying "remember Poivre Electrique, why don't they make them like that anymore. . . .?" I may have to buy 3 bottles in case they reformulate. Oh almost forgot, great sillage and lasting power. Remarkable and unforgettable.When I read the frag notes I HAD to order this as I am always pleasantly surprised at what this house does! I own almost the entire collection that Sephora carries both online and in store. I work for Sephora and ordered it 'on a whim' as our store does not have the new collection. Although I can appreciate the art of the connoisseur who created this fragrance it smells like an old car or someone who hangs out in a room non stop of rancid insence.... Sad to say this is my first Atelier fail! If u love Samarkland insence u will love this.......I have two small sprays of Caron's Poivre and was deeply disappointed in them, getting only clove . . . . bleh. Then came POIVRE ELECTRIQUE!!!! Oh my God this is gorgeous. Goes on strong smelling of leather and flowers and I must be honest, I'm not sure what, but it is so beautiful and gives the most realistic, yet beautifully fragrant rendition of leather than I own (and I have a lot of the classics). This deserves to be a classic for all time, something written about 50 years from now saying "remember Poivre Electrique, why don't they make them like that anymore. . . .?" I may have to buy 3 bottles in case they reformulate. Oh almost forgot, great sillage and lasting power. Remarkable and unforgettable.I have two small sprays of Caron's Poivre and was deeply disappointed in them, getting only clove . . . . bleh. Then came POIVRE ELECTRIQUE!!!! Oh my God this is gorgeous. Goes on strong smelling of leather and flowers and I must be honest, I'm not sure what, but it is so beautiful and gives the most realistic, yet beautifully fragrant rendition of leather than I own (and I have a lot of the classics). This deserves to be a classic for all time, something written about 50 years from now saying "remember Poivre Electrique, why don't they make them like that anymore. . . .?" I may have to buy 3 bottles in case they reformulate. Oh almost forgot, great sillage and lasting power. Remarkable and unforgettable.When I read the frag notes I HAD to order this as I am always pleasantly surprised at what this house does! I own almost the entire collection that Sephora carries both online and in store. I work for Sephora and ordered it 'on a whim' as our store does not have the new collection. Although I can appreciate the art of the connoisseur who created this fragrance it smells like an old car or someone who hangs out in a room non stop of rancid insence.... Sad to say this is my first Atelier fail! If u love Samarkland insence u will love this.......I have two small sprays of Caron's Poivre and was deeply disappointed in them, getting only clove . . . . bleh. Then came POIVRE ELECTRIQUE!!!! Oh my God this is gorgeous. Goes on strong smelling of leather and flowers and I must be honest, I'm not sure what, but it is so beautiful and gives the most realistic, yet beautifully fragrant rendition of leather than I own (and I have a lot of the classics). This deserves to be a classic for all time, something written about 50 years from now saying "remember Poivre Electrique, why don't they make them like that anymore. . . .?" I may have to buy 3 bottles in case they reformulate. Oh almost forgot, great sillage and lasting power. Remarkable and unforgettable.I have two small sprays of Caron's Poivre and was deeply disappointed in them, getting only clove . . . . bleh. Then came POIVRE ELECTRIQUE!!!! Oh my God this is gorgeous. Goes on strong smelling of leather and flowers and I must be honest, I'm not sure what, but it is so beautiful and gives the most realistic, yet beautifully fragrant rendition of leather than I own (and I have a lot of the classics). This deserves to be a classic for all time, something written about 50 years from now saying "remember Poivre Electrique, why don't they make them like that anymore. . . .?" I may have to buy 3 bottles in case they reformulate. Oh almost forgot, great sillage and lasting power. Remarkable and unforgettable.When I read the frag notes I HAD to order this as I am always pleasantly surprised at what this house does! I own almost the entire collection that Sephora carries both online and in store. I work for Sephora and ordered it 'on a whim' as our store does not have the new collection. Although I can appreciate the art of the connoisseur who created this fragrance it smells like an old car or someone who hangs out in a room non stop of rancid insence.... Sad to say this is my first Atelier fail! If u love Samarkland insence u will love this.......