These wipes were a little bit of a let down for me. Mine weren't very moist and most definitely did not take off my mascara. I felt that they were too expensive for me to have to use 2 sheets to get all my makeup off. I guess I just expected more from Lancer... especially for the price. I will just go back to my cotton pads and cleansing water.Love that this are alcohol free and I can easily swipe off all my makeup in one swipe. I also don't have to scrub my mascara off finally! Love this!These wipes were a little bit of a let down for me. Mine weren't very moist and most definitely did not take off my mascara. I felt that they were too expensive for me to have to use 2 sheets to get all my makeup off. I guess I just expected more from Lancer... especially for the price. I will just go back to my cotton pads and cleansing water.These wipes were a little bit of a let down for me. Mine weren't very moist and most definitely did not take off my mascara. I felt that they were too expensive for me to have to use 2 sheets to get all my makeup off. I guess I just expected more from Lancer... especially for the price. I will just go back to my cotton pads and cleansing water.Love that this are alcohol free and I can easily swipe off all my makeup in one swipe. I also don't have to scrub my mascara off finally! Love this!These wipes were a little bit of a let down for me. Mine weren't very moist and most definitely did not take off my mascara. I felt that they were too expensive for me to have to use 2 sheets to get all my makeup off. I guess I just expected more from Lancer... especially for the price. I will just go back to my cotton pads and cleansing water.These wipes were a little bit of a let down for me. Mine weren't very moist and most definitely did not take off my mascara. I felt that they were too expensive for me to have to use 2 sheets to get all my makeup off. I guess I just expected more from Lancer... especially for the price. I will just go back to my cotton pads and cleansing water.Love that this are alcohol free and I can easily swipe off all my makeup in one swipe. I also don't have to scrub my mascara off finally! Love this!