Love every product from this box, but mascara. Eye liner and brunch are just made for each other. I have long but thin blond eye lashes, and mascara makes them look messy. I think it will work nicer on thick lashes, it's a little bit dry, but the brush is nice.The mascara works wonders and I have thick eye lashes... absolutely love itI'm conflicted about this set because I absolutely love the mascara, which surprised me at first. I'm not a mascara gal, I usually only wear it on special occasions. The cleansing oil is nice. I wish it was larger! The liner is okay, the brush is a bit unnecessary (too small to be very useful).The liner is very hard to work with, it's not as creamy as I expected and the texture is very strange. It has the consistency of play-doh. The mascara tube seems to be empty, I had to rub the brush around the inside of the tube a few times for each eye. The oil is nice though, great size for travel. Way over priced.Love every product from this box, but mascara. Eye liner and brunch are just made for each other. I have long but thin blond eye lashes, and mascara makes them look messy. I think it will work nicer on thick lashes, it's a little bit dry, but the brush is nice.Love every product from this box, but mascara. Eye liner and brunch are just made for each other. I have long but thin blond eye lashes, and mascara makes them look messy. I think it will work nicer on thick lashes, it's a little bit dry, but the brush is nice.The mascara works wonders and I have thick eye lashes... absolutely love itLove every product from this box, but mascara. Eye liner and brunch are just made for each other. I have long but thin blond eye lashes, and mascara makes them look messy. I think it will work nicer on thick lashes, it's a little bit dry, but the brush is nice.The mascara works wonders and I have thick eye lashes... absolutely love itI'm conflicted about this set because I absolutely love the mascara, which surprised me at first. I'm not a mascara gal, I usually only wear it on special occasions. The cleansing oil is nice. I wish it was larger! The liner is okay, the brush is a bit unnecessary (too small to be very useful).Love every product from this box, but mascara. Eye liner and brunch are just made for each other. I have long but thin blond eye lashes, and mascara makes them look messy. I think it will work nicer on thick lashes, it's a little bit dry, but the brush is nice.The mascara works wonders and I have thick eye lashes... absolutely love itI'm conflicted about this set because I absolutely love the mascara, which surprised me at first. I'm not a mascara gal, I usually only wear it on special occasions. The cleansing oil is nice. I wish it was larger! The liner is okay, the brush is a bit unnecessary (too small to be very useful).The liner is very hard to work with, it's not as creamy as I expected and the texture is very strange. It has the consistency of play-doh. The mascara tube seems to be empty, I had to rub the brush around the inside of the tube a few times for each eye. The oil is nice though, great size for travel. Way over priced.Love every product from this box, but mascara. Eye liner and brunch are just made for each other. I have long but thin blond eye lashes, and mascara makes them look messy. I think it will work nicer on thick lashes, it's a little bit dry, but the brush is nice.Love every product from this box, but mascara. Eye liner and brunch are just made for each other. I have long but thin blond eye lashes, and mascara makes them look messy. I think it will work nicer on thick lashes, it's a little bit dry, but the brush is nice.The mascara works wonders and I have thick eye lashes... absolutely love itLove every product from this box, but mascara. Eye liner and brunch are just made for each other. I have long but thin blond eye lashes, and mascara makes them look messy. I think it will work nicer on thick lashes, it's a little bit dry, but the brush is nice.The mascara works wonders and I have thick eye lashes... absolutely love itI'm conflicted about this set because I absolutely love the mascara, which surprised me at first. I'm not a mascara gal, I usually only wear it on special occasions. The cleansing oil is nice. I wish it was larger! The liner is okay, the brush is a bit unnecessary (too small to be very useful).Love every product from this box, but mascara. Eye liner and brunch are just made for each other. I have long but thin blond eye lashes, and mascara makes them look messy. I think it will work nicer on thick lashes, it's a little bit dry, but the brush is nice.The mascara works wonders and I have thick eye lashes... absolutely love itI'm conflicted about this set because I absolutely love the mascara, which surprised me at first. I'm not a mascara gal, I usually only wear it on special occasions. The cleansing oil is nice. I wish it was larger! The liner is okay, the brush is a bit unnecessary (too small to be very useful).The liner is very hard to work with, it's not as creamy as I expected and the texture is very strange. It has the consistency of play-doh. The mascara tube seems to be empty, I had to rub the brush around the inside of the tube a few times for each eye. The oil is nice though, great size for travel. Way over priced.