the first time wearing it was honestly pretty ok, but a week after, it started drying out :/ also, i wear eyeshadow primer underneath, but throughout the day, it still ends up transferring to my lower lid. I don't really have oily eyelids, so kind of strange that this happens, considering it claims to be waterproof. the finish is nice and matte, but not very opaque so you have to go over it a couple times. Very annoying bc it pulls on the skin, so it skips - especially now that it's kind of dry. Not good for precise lines.If I kept my packaging, I would have return it. My first 2 to 3 uses are just okay that I thought I could make it to work, then it went downhill after. It is so dry at the tip that it is impossible to draw a fine wing. Also, it tend to drag your skin while drawing the line which I do not like.Didn't find it to be waterproof, although it does a decent job of holding up without getting all over my face. I didn't like the product though because it's not very opaque. I found it to be a bit sheer, and had to go over the same spots a few times to get a solid line. On the plus side, I really like the felt pen applicator.the first time wearing it was honestly pretty ok, but a week after, it started drying out :/ also, i wear eyeshadow primer underneath, but throughout the day, it still ends up transferring to my lower lid. I don't really have oily eyelids, so kind of strange that this happens, considering it claims to be waterproof. the finish is nice and matte, but not very opaque so you have to go over it a couple times. Very annoying bc it pulls on the skin, so it skips - especially now that it's kind of dry. Not good for precise lines.the first time wearing it was honestly pretty ok, but a week after, it started drying out :/ also, i wear eyeshadow primer underneath, but throughout the day, it still ends up transferring to my lower lid. I don't really have oily eyelids, so kind of strange that this happens, considering it claims to be waterproof. the finish is nice and matte, but not very opaque so you have to go over it a couple times. Very annoying bc it pulls on the skin, so it skips - especially now that it's kind of dry. Not good for precise lines.If I kept my packaging, I would have return it. My first 2 to 3 uses are just okay that I thought I could make it to work, then it went downhill after. It is so dry at the tip that it is impossible to draw a fine wing. Also, it tend to drag your skin while drawing the line which I do not like.the first time wearing it was honestly pretty ok, but a week after, it started drying out :/ also, i wear eyeshadow primer underneath, but throughout the day, it still ends up transferring to my lower lid. I don't really have oily eyelids, so kind of strange that this happens, considering it claims to be waterproof. the finish is nice and matte, but not very opaque so you have to go over it a couple times. Very annoying bc it pulls on the skin, so it skips - especially now that it's kind of dry. Not good for precise lines.If I kept my packaging, I would have return it. My first 2 to 3 uses are just okay that I thought I could make it to work, then it went downhill after. It is so dry at the tip that it is impossible to draw a fine wing. Also, it tend to drag your skin while drawing the line which I do not like.Didn't find it to be waterproof, although it does a decent job of holding up without getting all over my face. I didn't like the product though because it's not very opaque. I found it to be a bit sheer, and had to go over the same spots a few times to get a solid line. On the plus side, I really like the felt pen applicator.the first time wearing it was honestly pretty ok, but a week after, it started drying out :/ also, i wear eyeshadow primer underneath, but throughout the day, it still ends up transferring to my lower lid. I don't really have oily eyelids, so kind of strange that this happens, considering it claims to be waterproof. the finish is nice and matte, but not very opaque so you have to go over it a couple times. Very annoying bc it pulls on the skin, so it skips - especially now that it's kind of dry. Not good for precise lines.the first time wearing it was honestly pretty ok, but a week after, it started drying out :/ also, i wear eyeshadow primer underneath, but throughout the day, it still ends up transferring to my lower lid. I don't really have oily eyelids, so kind of strange that this happens, considering it claims to be waterproof. the finish is nice and matte, but not very opaque so you have to go over it a couple times. Very annoying bc it pulls on the skin, so it skips - especially now that it's kind of dry. Not good for precise lines.If I kept my packaging, I would have return it. My first 2 to 3 uses are just okay that I thought I could make it to work, then it went downhill after. It is so dry at the tip that it is impossible to draw a fine wing. Also, it tend to drag your skin while drawing the line which I do not like.the first time wearing it was honestly pretty ok, but a week after, it started drying out :/ also, i wear eyeshadow primer underneath, but throughout the day, it still ends up transferring to my lower lid. I don't really have oily eyelids, so kind of strange that this happens, considering it claims to be waterproof. the finish is nice and matte, but not very opaque so you have to go over it a couple times. Very annoying bc it pulls on the skin, so it skips - especially now that it's kind of dry. Not good for precise lines.If I kept my packaging, I would have return it. My first 2 to 3 uses are just okay that I thought I could make it to work, then it went downhill after. It is so dry at the tip that it is impossible to draw a fine wing. Also, it tend to drag your skin while drawing the line which I do not like.Didn't find it to be waterproof, although it does a decent job of holding up without getting all over my face. I didn't like the product though because it's not very opaque. I found it to be a bit sheer, and had to go over the same spots a few times to get a solid line. On the plus side, I really like the felt pen applicator.