The Surratt consultant at Barneys suggested this as the perfect brush to apply powder under your eyes. I haven't used anything else since. It's much too large for eye shadow, but I tap this into pressed powder and swipe back and forth under my eyes on top of concealer. It's soft, gentle, and leaves the perfect dusting of powder in a very delicate area. Highly recommended.I bought this brush and try as I might, I just could not find a good use for it. I watched youtube videos, which there are only one or two which utilize this brush. The craftsmanship seems just fine. The bristles are very soft, but I guess the design doesn’t have much practical use. This brush is purely for blending purposes. Not application. I also went to sephora and had them give me a quick tutorial on how to use this brush. I went home, tried it and I just don’t think its good for anything. Even in the video, they only used it for a second. The bristles are too spread out to really do much. A professional makeup artist could possibly see the value in this brush, but I do not see any practical value. I did not think it even did a good job with helping me to blend my eyeshadow and I returned it, with joy. lol I think you can use it for highlighting purposes as well, but good luck getting any product on the brush, because the bristles are too soft and spread out for that. Maybe to add a little glimmer on the top of the cheek bone. That’s just my take.The Surratt consultant at Barneys suggested this as the perfect brush to apply powder under your eyes. I haven't used anything else since. It's much too large for eye shadow, but I tap this into pressed powder and swipe back and forth under my eyes on top of concealer. It's soft, gentle, and leaves the perfect dusting of powder in a very delicate area. Highly recommended.The Surratt consultant at Barneys suggested this as the perfect brush to apply powder under your eyes. I haven't used anything else since. It's much too large for eye shadow, but I tap this into pressed powder and swipe back and forth under my eyes on top of concealer. It's soft, gentle, and leaves the perfect dusting of powder in a very delicate area. Highly recommended.I bought this brush and try as I might, I just could not find a good use for it. I watched youtube videos, which there are only one or two which utilize this brush. The craftsmanship seems just fine. The bristles are very soft, but I guess the design doesn’t have much practical use. This brush is purely for blending purposes. Not application. I also went to sephora and had them give me a quick tutorial on how to use this brush. I went home, tried it and I just don’t think its good for anything. Even in the video, they only used it for a second. The bristles are too spread out to really do much. A professional makeup artist could possibly see the value in this brush, but I do not see any practical value. I did not think it even did a good job with helping me to blend my eyeshadow and I returned it, with joy. lol I think you can use it for highlighting purposes as well, but good luck getting any product on the brush, because the bristles are too soft and spread out for that. Maybe to add a little glimmer on the top of the cheek bone. That’s just my take.The Surratt consultant at Barneys suggested this as the perfect brush to apply powder under your eyes. I haven't used anything else since. It's much too large for eye shadow, but I tap this into pressed powder and swipe back and forth under my eyes on top of concealer. It's soft, gentle, and leaves the perfect dusting of powder in a very delicate area. Highly recommended.The Surratt consultant at Barneys suggested this as the perfect brush to apply powder under your eyes. I haven't used anything else since. It's much too large for eye shadow, but I tap this into pressed powder and swipe back and forth under my eyes on top of concealer. It's soft, gentle, and leaves the perfect dusting of powder in a very delicate area. Highly recommended.I bought this brush and try as I might, I just could not find a good use for it. I watched youtube videos, which there are only one or two which utilize this brush. The craftsmanship seems just fine. The bristles are very soft, but I guess the design doesn’t have much practical use. This brush is purely for blending purposes. Not application. I also went to sephora and had them give me a quick tutorial on how to use this brush. I went home, tried it and I just don’t think its good for anything. Even in the video, they only used it for a second. The bristles are too spread out to really do much. A professional makeup artist could possibly see the value in this brush, but I do not see any practical value. I did not think it even did a good job with helping me to blend my eyeshadow and I returned it, with joy. lol I think you can use it for highlighting purposes as well, but good luck getting any product on the brush, because the bristles are too soft and spread out for that. Maybe to add a little glimmer on the top of the cheek bone. That’s just my take.