This is a fantastic large eyeshadow brush. I find it's fast and efficient for laying a wash over the whole lid. Because of the tapered, slightly pointed shape, you can get even get into the crease with it it you're feeling lazy. It's pricy, but it's hand made in Japan and will last a long time. Mine hasn't shed a single hair.I find it's very soft and is find for depositing fine colors. I really wanted to love it for the price, but I forget it's even there. It's not bad, but you can do better for the price.This is a fantastic large eyeshadow brush. I find it's fast and efficient for laying a wash over the whole lid. Because of the tapered, slightly pointed shape, you can get even get into the crease with it it you're feeling lazy. It's pricy, but it's hand made in Japan and will last a long time. Mine hasn't shed a single hair.This is a fantastic large eyeshadow brush. I find it's fast and efficient for laying a wash over the whole lid. Because of the tapered, slightly pointed shape, you can get even get into the crease with it it you're feeling lazy. It's pricy, but it's hand made in Japan and will last a long time. Mine hasn't shed a single hair.I find it's very soft and is find for depositing fine colors. I really wanted to love it for the price, but I forget it's even there. It's not bad, but you can do better for the price.This is a fantastic large eyeshadow brush. I find it's fast and efficient for laying a wash over the whole lid. Because of the tapered, slightly pointed shape, you can get even get into the crease with it it you're feeling lazy. It's pricy, but it's hand made in Japan and will last a long time. Mine hasn't shed a single hair.This is a fantastic large eyeshadow brush. I find it's fast and efficient for laying a wash over the whole lid. Because of the tapered, slightly pointed shape, you can get even get into the crease with it it you're feeling lazy. It's pricy, but it's hand made in Japan and will last a long time. Mine hasn't shed a single hair.I find it's very soft and is find for depositing fine colors. I really wanted to love it for the price, but I forget it's even there. It's not bad, but you can do better for the price.