What it is: An oil-based hand cream composed of natural ingredients that leaves the skin soft and lightly perfumed.What it does:This luxurious hand cream is made of from shea butter, which is known for its moisturizing and protectant properties. The formula also includes an overdose of vitamin A, which supports naturally healthy skin and fights free-radicals. Apricot kernel oil softens, soothes, and provides further antioxidant benefit. Orange Sanguine, a zesty and energizing burst of crushed ripe fruit, plays off sweet blood orange juice against bitter orange peel and sensual notes of geranium. Complete with a handcrafted leather cap and a removable pump that allows for splash or spray use, this cologne brings to mind relaxed mornings, sunrises, and soft sea breezes.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- PhthalatesWhat else you need to know: Since 2009, Atelier Cologne has been reinventing the world of perfume with Cologne Absolue, an entirely new olfactive family of natural, long-wearing scents. Handcrafted in France with the highest quality raw materials from around the world, each pure perfume focuses on a hero ingredient and invites you to unbottle your story.Notes: Blood Orange, Bitter Orange, Jasmine, Geranium, Amber Woods, Tonka Beans, Sandalwood.Style: Zesty. Energizing. Playful.What it is: An oil-based hand cream composed of natural ingredients that leaves the skin soft and lightly perfumed.What it does:This luxurious hand cream is made of from shea butter, which is known for its moisturizing and protectant properties. The formula also includes an overdose of vitamin A, which supports naturally healthy skin and fights free-radicals. Apricot kernel oil softens, soothes, and provides further antioxidant benefit. Orange Sanguine, a zesty and energizing burst of crushed ripe fruit, plays off sweet blood orange juice against bitter orange peel and sensual notes of geranium. Complete with a handcrafted leather cap and a removable pump that allows for splash or spray use, this cologne brings to mind relaxed mornings, sunrises, and soft sea breezes.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- PhthalatesWhat else you need to know: Since 2009, Atelier Cologne has been reinventing the world of perfume with Cologne Absolue, an entirely new olfactive family of natural, long-wearing scents. Handcrafted in France with the highest quality raw materials from around the world, each pure perfume focuses on a hero ingredient and invites you to unbottle your story.Notes: Blood Orange, Bitter Orange, Jasmine, Geranium, Amber Woods, Tonka Beans, Sandalwood.Style: Zesty. Energizing. Playful.