Can never go wrong with l'occitane! The rose and cherry blossom formulas are thicker than the peony and almond formulas but all of them soak into the skin nicely and hydrate well. It's hard to distinguish a favorite, they all have delicate sweet scents.Not only did each sample have a superbly pleasing aroma (the cherry blossom one was my favorite), this moisturizer has most definitely worked it's wonders to make my hands as soft and smooth as a newborn baby's bottom. It's the best product I've ever had the chance of encountering. I give it a million out of five stars.I'm assuming that it smells good. I don't even know what it is! HehehehehhehehCan never go wrong with l'occitane! The rose and cherry blossom formulas are thicker than the peony and almond formulas but all of them soak into the skin nicely and hydrate well. It's hard to distinguish a favorite, they all have delicate sweet scents.Can never go wrong with l'occitane! The rose and cherry blossom formulas are thicker than the peony and almond formulas but all of them soak into the skin nicely and hydrate well. It's hard to distinguish a favorite, they all have delicate sweet scents.Not only did each sample have a superbly pleasing aroma (the cherry blossom one was my favorite), this moisturizer has most definitely worked it's wonders to make my hands as soft and smooth as a newborn baby's bottom. It's the best product I've ever had the chance of encountering. I give it a million out of five stars.Can never go wrong with l'occitane! The rose and cherry blossom formulas are thicker than the peony and almond formulas but all of them soak into the skin nicely and hydrate well. It's hard to distinguish a favorite, they all have delicate sweet scents.Not only did each sample have a superbly pleasing aroma (the cherry blossom one was my favorite), this moisturizer has most definitely worked it's wonders to make my hands as soft and smooth as a newborn baby's bottom. It's the best product I've ever had the chance of encountering. I give it a million out of five stars.I'm assuming that it smells good. I don't even know what it is! HehehehehhehehCan never go wrong with l'occitane! The rose and cherry blossom formulas are thicker than the peony and almond formulas but all of them soak into the skin nicely and hydrate well. It's hard to distinguish a favorite, they all have delicate sweet scents.Can never go wrong with l'occitane! The rose and cherry blossom formulas are thicker than the peony and almond formulas but all of them soak into the skin nicely and hydrate well. It's hard to distinguish a favorite, they all have delicate sweet scents.Not only did each sample have a superbly pleasing aroma (the cherry blossom one was my favorite), this moisturizer has most definitely worked it's wonders to make my hands as soft and smooth as a newborn baby's bottom. It's the best product I've ever had the chance of encountering. I give it a million out of five stars.Can never go wrong with l'occitane! The rose and cherry blossom formulas are thicker than the peony and almond formulas but all of them soak into the skin nicely and hydrate well. It's hard to distinguish a favorite, they all have delicate sweet scents.Not only did each sample have a superbly pleasing aroma (the cherry blossom one was my favorite), this moisturizer has most definitely worked it's wonders to make my hands as soft and smooth as a newborn baby's bottom. It's the best product I've ever had the chance of encountering. I give it a million out of five stars.I'm assuming that it smells good. I don't even know what it is! Hehehehehheheh