I couldn't try this product long enough to determine if it worked because the smell was terrible. Application was easy, for sure, but the odor was strong and lingered the next morning even after washing my face. It may have sped up the blemish lifecycle by half a day, but the smell wasn't worth it.I have PCOS and even with medication and a cleansing system from the UK which really hold my cystic acne at bay I still get the occasional bump which is so deep and large it takes at least 8 weeks to get rid of it and even then it leaves scaring, even with the gentlest of care. With this product I place a little on a few times a day (when at home) and at night if I have to be out all day, well, not only does it not erupt AT ALL it is gone within five days. TOTALLY GONE, with no trace or scarring at all. This product has changed my life. Try it and be glad you did!This is my favorite combo from Kate Somerville. These are my holy grail. The moisturizer is so great for morning routine with oil-free texture, but I don't think it's moisture enough for the evening time.Also, I have acne once a month and this does help me get over the acne time calmly!! Highly recommend for morning moisturizer, then I use sunblock and we are good to go for the whole day!! Make sure combine with a fancy hydrate moisturizer in the evening time, you will beat your oily skin easily!!!!I couldn't try this product long enough to determine if it worked because the smell was terrible. Application was easy, for sure, but the odor was strong and lingered the next morning even after washing my face. It may have sped up the blemish lifecycle by half a day, but the smell wasn't worth it.I couldn't try this product long enough to determine if it worked because the smell was terrible. Application was easy, for sure, but the odor was strong and lingered the next morning even after washing my face. It may have sped up the blemish lifecycle by half a day, but the smell wasn't worth it.I have PCOS and even with medication and a cleansing system from the UK which really hold my cystic acne at bay I still get the occasional bump which is so deep and large it takes at least 8 weeks to get rid of it and even then it leaves scaring, even with the gentlest of care. With this product I place a little on a few times a day (when at home) and at night if I have to be out all day, well, not only does it not erupt AT ALL it is gone within five days. TOTALLY GONE, with no trace or scarring at all. This product has changed my life. Try it and be glad you did!I couldn't try this product long enough to determine if it worked because the smell was terrible. Application was easy, for sure, but the odor was strong and lingered the next morning even after washing my face. It may have sped up the blemish lifecycle by half a day, but the smell wasn't worth it.I have PCOS and even with medication and a cleansing system from the UK which really hold my cystic acne at bay I still get the occasional bump which is so deep and large it takes at least 8 weeks to get rid of it and even then it leaves scaring, even with the gentlest of care. With this product I place a little on a few times a day (when at home) and at night if I have to be out all day, well, not only does it not erupt AT ALL it is gone within five days. TOTALLY GONE, with no trace or scarring at all. This product has changed my life. Try it and be glad you did!This is my favorite combo from Kate Somerville. These are my holy grail. The moisturizer is so great for morning routine with oil-free texture, but I don't think it's moisture enough for the evening time.Also, I have acne once a month and this does help me get over the acne time calmly!! Highly recommend for morning moisturizer, then I use sunblock and we are good to go for the whole day!! Make sure combine with a fancy hydrate moisturizer in the evening time, you will beat your oily skin easily!!!!I couldn't try this product long enough to determine if it worked because the smell was terrible. Application was easy, for sure, but the odor was strong and lingered the next morning even after washing my face. It may have sped up the blemish lifecycle by half a day, but the smell wasn't worth it.I couldn't try this product long enough to determine if it worked because the smell was terrible. Application was easy, for sure, but the odor was strong and lingered the next morning even after washing my face. It may have sped up the blemish lifecycle by half a day, but the smell wasn't worth it.I have PCOS and even with medication and a cleansing system from the UK which really hold my cystic acne at bay I still get the occasional bump which is so deep and large it takes at least 8 weeks to get rid of it and even then it leaves scaring, even with the gentlest of care. With this product I place a little on a few times a day (when at home) and at night if I have to be out all day, well, not only does it not erupt AT ALL it is gone within five days. TOTALLY GONE, with no trace or scarring at all. This product has changed my life. Try it and be glad you did!I couldn't try this product long enough to determine if it worked because the smell was terrible. Application was easy, for sure, but the odor was strong and lingered the next morning even after washing my face. It may have sped up the blemish lifecycle by half a day, but the smell wasn't worth it.I have PCOS and even with medication and a cleansing system from the UK which really hold my cystic acne at bay I still get the occasional bump which is so deep and large it takes at least 8 weeks to get rid of it and even then it leaves scaring, even with the gentlest of care. With this product I place a little on a few times a day (when at home) and at night if I have to be out all day, well, not only does it not erupt AT ALL it is gone within five days. TOTALLY GONE, with no trace or scarring at all. This product has changed my life. Try it and be glad you did!This is my favorite combo from Kate Somerville. These are my holy grail. The moisturizer is so great for morning routine with oil-free texture, but I don't think it's moisture enough for the evening time.Also, I have acne once a month and this does help me get over the acne time calmly!! Highly recommend for morning moisturizer, then I use sunblock and we are good to go for the whole day!! Make sure combine with a fancy hydrate moisturizer in the evening time, you will beat your oily skin easily!!!!