My No1 mask! Yes, it is expensive. But every penny worth it. I used it while I have allergy reaction, and it works do well! My skin haven't feel so smooth, hydrated for years! I see the difference the first time I used it as a night mask. It is fantastic. Highly recommend.I splurged on this product during the VIB sale along with some other items in this line. This was my least favorite. While it had a nice scent and rich texture, I found it to be overly greasy and it didn't plump up my fine lines at all. I did use it with the Queen of Hungary Mist (which I love), as directed, but that didn't make any difference.My No1 mask! Yes, it is expensive. But every penny worth it. I used it while I have allergy reaction, and it works do well! My skin haven't feel so smooth, hydrated for years! I see the difference the first time I used it as a night mask. It is fantastic. Highly recommend.My No1 mask! Yes, it is expensive. But every penny worth it. I used it while I have allergy reaction, and it works do well! My skin haven't feel so smooth, hydrated for years! I see the difference the first time I used it as a night mask. It is fantastic. Highly recommend.I splurged on this product during the VIB sale along with some other items in this line. This was my least favorite. While it had a nice scent and rich texture, I found it to be overly greasy and it didn't plump up my fine lines at all. I did use it with the Queen of Hungary Mist (which I love), as directed, but that didn't make any difference.My No1 mask! Yes, it is expensive. But every penny worth it. I used it while I have allergy reaction, and it works do well! My skin haven't feel so smooth, hydrated for years! I see the difference the first time I used it as a night mask. It is fantastic. Highly recommend.My No1 mask! Yes, it is expensive. But every penny worth it. I used it while I have allergy reaction, and it works do well! My skin haven't feel so smooth, hydrated for years! I see the difference the first time I used it as a night mask. It is fantastic. Highly recommend.I splurged on this product during the VIB sale along with some other items in this line. This was my least favorite. While it had a nice scent and rich texture, I found it to be overly greasy and it didn't plump up my fine lines at all. I did use it with the Queen of Hungary Mist (which I love), as directed, but that didn't make any difference.