this has the texture of the original pores no more, or the benefits porefessionnal. it also has that beige color. This was the weirdest thing for me because when i first applied it, i thought i would be returning it. I could still see my pores and i didn't see any luminizing properties. I tried this on under tinted moisturizer because i wanted to see what level of pore blurring or filling i could achieve with this. 1 hour after application, i looked closely in the mirror and my skin looked dewy and gorgeous and my pores were invisible. This also didn't make my t-zone oily, but i'm normally not super oily anyways. If you're thinking about trying this, it's definetly worth a shot!this has the texture of the original pores no more, or the benefits porefessionnal. it also has that beige color. This was the weirdest thing for me because when i first applied it, i thought i would be returning it. I could still see my pores and i didn't see any luminizing properties. I tried this on under tinted moisturizer because i wanted to see what level of pore blurring or filling i could achieve with this. 1 hour after application, i looked closely in the mirror and my skin looked dewy and gorgeous and my pores were invisible. This also didn't make my t-zone oily, but i'm normally not super oily anyways. If you're thinking about trying this, it's definetly worth a shot!this has the texture of the original pores no more, or the benefits porefessionnal. it also has that beige color. This was the weirdest thing for me because when i first applied it, i thought i would be returning it. I could still see my pores and i didn't see any luminizing properties. I tried this on under tinted moisturizer because i wanted to see what level of pore blurring or filling i could achieve with this. 1 hour after application, i looked closely in the mirror and my skin looked dewy and gorgeous and my pores were invisible. This also didn't make my t-zone oily, but i'm normally not super oily anyways. If you're thinking about trying this, it's definetly worth a shot!