This brush is obviously a lot more expensive than most brushes but in this case you really do get what you pay for. This brush almost doubles as a face massager. I purchased the complete set of these brushes, despite some of the very negative reviews, and I could not be happier with my purchase. I think some people find the price of these brushes offensive and a lot of the reviews are bitterness based. The natural-hair just feels better against your skin and your makeup just seems to glide on more evenly and effortlessly. Although the brush is light, you can feel the quality of it and it's obvious that it is extremely well made. This might not be a realistic purchase for most people but if you ever find yourself ready to splurge, these brushes are beautiful and wonderful to use.I really love it!!!! So soft so beauty !This brush is obviously a lot more expensive than most brushes but in this case you really do get what you pay for. This brush almost doubles as a face massager. I purchased the complete set of these brushes, despite some of the very negative reviews, and I could not be happier with my purchase. I think some people find the price of these brushes offensive and a lot of the reviews are bitterness based. The natural-hair just feels better against your skin and your makeup just seems to glide on more evenly and effortlessly. Although the brush is light, you can feel the quality of it and it's obvious that it is extremely well made. This might not be a realistic purchase for most people but if you ever find yourself ready to splurge, these brushes are beautiful and wonderful to use.This brush is obviously a lot more expensive than most brushes but in this case you really do get what you pay for. This brush almost doubles as a face massager. I purchased the complete set of these brushes, despite some of the very negative reviews, and I could not be happier with my purchase. I think some people find the price of these brushes offensive and a lot of the reviews are bitterness based. The natural-hair just feels better against your skin and your makeup just seems to glide on more evenly and effortlessly. Although the brush is light, you can feel the quality of it and it's obvious that it is extremely well made. This might not be a realistic purchase for most people but if you ever find yourself ready to splurge, these brushes are beautiful and wonderful to use.I really love it!!!! So soft so beauty !This brush is obviously a lot more expensive than most brushes but in this case you really do get what you pay for. This brush almost doubles as a face massager. I purchased the complete set of these brushes, despite some of the very negative reviews, and I could not be happier with my purchase. I think some people find the price of these brushes offensive and a lot of the reviews are bitterness based. The natural-hair just feels better against your skin and your makeup just seems to glide on more evenly and effortlessly. Although the brush is light, you can feel the quality of it and it's obvious that it is extremely well made. This might not be a realistic purchase for most people but if you ever find yourself ready to splurge, these brushes are beautiful and wonderful to use.This brush is obviously a lot more expensive than most brushes but in this case you really do get what you pay for. This brush almost doubles as a face massager. I purchased the complete set of these brushes, despite some of the very negative reviews, and I could not be happier with my purchase. I think some people find the price of these brushes offensive and a lot of the reviews are bitterness based. The natural-hair just feels better against your skin and your makeup just seems to glide on more evenly and effortlessly. Although the brush is light, you can feel the quality of it and it's obvious that it is extremely well made. This might not be a realistic purchase for most people but if you ever find yourself ready to splurge, these brushes are beautiful and wonderful to use.I really love it!!!! So soft so beauty !