Let me start by saying I'm a sheet mask fiend and literally have 50 on hand at all times because it's an addiction. That being said I have oily skin and brightening is usually my 1st concern along with clearing acne hyperpigmentation I get. These were good masks, I think if your concern or goal is hydration and softened this is a solid option. My skin felt moisturized and pampered after. The mask stayed put well, it's a bit thicker than many I've tried, but wasn't an issue, but wasn't nearly as much serum as I like in my masks. I like them bathed in serum and then I can coat my hands, neck, and chest area as well. I think this mask, because it's thicker, held a lot more serum inside the mask vs having extra serum to coat elsewhere... either way, a good mask for the $6 range, but not sure if I'll repurchase... I also don't have many done lines and no wrinkles yet so I can't speak to that, but my skin was plumped temporarily... a great option for before makeup because it absorbs really well and is faster than other masks..I have sensitive and dry skin and this mask works well on me! Very moisturizing and the product was throughly absorbed by skin. But the sheet is on the thick side though and not always stay firmly on face, which I don't mind considering the results!Let me start by saying I'm a sheet mask fiend and literally have 50 on hand at all times because it's an addiction. That being said I have oily skin and brightening is usually my 1st concern along with clearing acne hyperpigmentation I get. These were good masks, I think if your concern or goal is hydration and softened this is a solid option. My skin felt moisturized and pampered after. The mask stayed put well, it's a bit thicker than many I've tried, but wasn't an issue, but wasn't nearly as much serum as I like in my masks. I like them bathed in serum and then I can coat my hands, neck, and chest area as well. I think this mask, because it's thicker, held a lot more serum inside the mask vs having extra serum to coat elsewhere... either way, a good mask for the $6 range, but not sure if I'll repurchase... I also don't have many done lines and no wrinkles yet so I can't speak to that, but my skin was plumped temporarily... a great option for before makeup because it absorbs really well and is faster than other masks..Let me start by saying I'm a sheet mask fiend and literally have 50 on hand at all times because it's an addiction. That being said I have oily skin and brightening is usually my 1st concern along with clearing acne hyperpigmentation I get. These were good masks, I think if your concern or goal is hydration and softened this is a solid option. My skin felt moisturized and pampered after. The mask stayed put well, it's a bit thicker than many I've tried, but wasn't an issue, but wasn't nearly as much serum as I like in my masks. I like them bathed in serum and then I can coat my hands, neck, and chest area as well. I think this mask, because it's thicker, held a lot more serum inside the mask vs having extra serum to coat elsewhere... either way, a good mask for the $6 range, but not sure if I'll repurchase... I also don't have many done lines and no wrinkles yet so I can't speak to that, but my skin was plumped temporarily... a great option for before makeup because it absorbs really well and is faster than other masks..I have sensitive and dry skin and this mask works well on me! Very moisturizing and the product was throughly absorbed by skin. But the sheet is on the thick side though and not always stay firmly on face, which I don't mind considering the results!Let me start by saying I'm a sheet mask fiend and literally have 50 on hand at all times because it's an addiction. That being said I have oily skin and brightening is usually my 1st concern along with clearing acne hyperpigmentation I get. These were good masks, I think if your concern or goal is hydration and softened this is a solid option. My skin felt moisturized and pampered after. The mask stayed put well, it's a bit thicker than many I've tried, but wasn't an issue, but wasn't nearly as much serum as I like in my masks. I like them bathed in serum and then I can coat my hands, neck, and chest area as well. I think this mask, because it's thicker, held a lot more serum inside the mask vs having extra serum to coat elsewhere... either way, a good mask for the $6 range, but not sure if I'll repurchase... I also don't have many done lines and no wrinkles yet so I can't speak to that, but my skin was plumped temporarily... a great option for before makeup because it absorbs really well and is faster than other masks..Let me start by saying I'm a sheet mask fiend and literally have 50 on hand at all times because it's an addiction. That being said I have oily skin and brightening is usually my 1st concern along with clearing acne hyperpigmentation I get. These were good masks, I think if your concern or goal is hydration and softened this is a solid option. My skin felt moisturized and pampered after. The mask stayed put well, it's a bit thicker than many I've tried, but wasn't an issue, but wasn't nearly as much serum as I like in my masks. I like them bathed in serum and then I can coat my hands, neck, and chest area as well. I think this mask, because it's thicker, held a lot more serum inside the mask vs having extra serum to coat elsewhere... either way, a good mask for the $6 range, but not sure if I'll repurchase... I also don't have many done lines and no wrinkles yet so I can't speak to that, but my skin was plumped temporarily... a great option for before makeup because it absorbs really well and is faster than other masks..I have sensitive and dry skin and this mask works well on me! Very moisturizing and the product was throughly absorbed by skin. But the sheet is on the thick side though and not always stay firmly on face, which I don't mind considering the results!