This Bronzing cheek think was actually a bummer. I thought I would use it to contour, but it turns out making my skin look dirty. Luckily it rubs off pretty easily. Maybe it will look different in the summer when I am tan, fingers crossed it is not a product that dries out.I'm conflicted on this product because it looks really natural. When I purchased it, I wanted a bronze/shimmery color to use on my eyes and cheekbones. This is not that! It's really natural, no shimmer, sheer and supposed to be used for natural contouring. I don't really contour my face, though. Maybe I should?This Bronzing cheek think was actually a bummer. I thought I would use it to contour, but it turns out making my skin look dirty. Luckily it rubs off pretty easily. Maybe it will look different in the summer when I am tan, fingers crossed it is not a product that dries out.This Bronzing cheek think was actually a bummer. I thought I would use it to contour, but it turns out making my skin look dirty. Luckily it rubs off pretty easily. Maybe it will look different in the summer when I am tan, fingers crossed it is not a product that dries out.I'm conflicted on this product because it looks really natural. When I purchased it, I wanted a bronze/shimmery color to use on my eyes and cheekbones. This is not that! It's really natural, no shimmer, sheer and supposed to be used for natural contouring. I don't really contour my face, though. Maybe I should?This Bronzing cheek think was actually a bummer. I thought I would use it to contour, but it turns out making my skin look dirty. Luckily it rubs off pretty easily. Maybe it will look different in the summer when I am tan, fingers crossed it is not a product that dries out.This Bronzing cheek think was actually a bummer. I thought I would use it to contour, but it turns out making my skin look dirty. Luckily it rubs off pretty easily. Maybe it will look different in the summer when I am tan, fingers crossed it is not a product that dries out.I'm conflicted on this product because it looks really natural. When I purchased it, I wanted a bronze/shimmery color to use on my eyes and cheekbones. This is not that! It's really natural, no shimmer, sheer and supposed to be used for natural contouring. I don't really contour my face, though. Maybe I should?