Which skin type is it good for?✔ Normal✔ Oily✔ Combination✔ Dry✔ SensitiveWhat it is:A universally flattering medium brown bronzer that delivers contouring and slenderizing effects with pure natural pigments.Solutions for:- Dryness- Fine lines and wrinkles- Loss of firmness and elasticityIf you want to know more… This 100 percent natural, lightweight cream formula is easily blendable and buildable for creating a wide range of bronzing effects, from a sunkissed glow to dramatic depth and definition. Infused with lightweight moisture, this matte bronzer promotes a smooth, plump look. Pair with Very Illuminating Cheek Tint for a completely contoured look.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- PhthalatesBeauty Tip: Be sure skin is freshly exfoliated to ensure the best and smoothest application. For drier skin types, moisturize before applying for best results.What else you need to know: The Tata Harper Estate Grown Beauty Complex is a blend of five nutrient dense, organic herbs that is infused into each and every one of Tata’s hand-batched products. The five herbs—arnica montana, calendula, borage, meadowsweet, and alfalfa—are grown on the Organic Vermont Farm during the spring and summer months, then dried and housed all year long. The complex delivers oxygen, vitamins, and nutrients for radiant and glowing skin.Which skin type is it good for?✔ Normal✔ Oily✔ Combination✔ Dry✔ SensitiveWhat it is:A universally flattering medium brown bronzer that delivers contouring and slenderizing effects with pure natural pigments.Solutions for:- Dryness- Fine lines and wrinkles- Loss of firmness and elasticityIf you want to know more… This 100 percent natural, lightweight cream formula is easily blendable and buildable for creating a wide range of bronzing effects, from a sunkissed glow to dramatic depth and definition. Infused with lightweight moisture, this matte bronzer promotes a smooth, plump look. Pair with Very Illuminating Cheek Tint for a completely contoured look.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- PhthalatesBeauty Tip: Be sure skin is freshly exfoliated to ensure the best and smoothest application. For drier skin types, moisturize before applying for best results.What else you need to know: The Tata Harper Estate Grown Beauty Complex is a blend of five nutrient dense, organic herbs that is infused into each and every one of Tata’s hand-batched products. The five herbs—arnica montana, calendula, borage, meadowsweet, and alfalfa—are grown on the Organic Vermont Farm during the spring and summer months, then dried and housed all year long. The complex delivers oxygen, vitamins, and nutrients for radiant and glowing skin.Which skin type is it good for?✔ Normal✔ Oily✔ Combination✔ Dry✔ SensitiveWhat it is:A universally flattering medium brown bronzer that delivers contouring and slenderizing effects with pure natural pigments.Solutions for:- Dryness- Fine lines and wrinkles- Loss of firmness and elasticityIf you want to know more… This 100 percent natural, lightweight cream formula is easily blendable and buildable for creating a wide range of bronzing effects, from a sunkissed glow to dramatic depth and definition. Infused with lightweight moisture, this matte bronzer promotes a smooth, plump look. Pair with Very Illuminating Cheek Tint for a completely contoured look.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- PhthalatesBeauty Tip: Be sure skin is freshly exfoliated to ensure the best and smoothest application. For drier skin types, moisturize before applying for best results.What else you need to know: The Tata Harper Estate Grown Beauty Complex is a blend of five nutrient dense, organic herbs that is infused into each and every one of Tata’s hand-batched products. The five herbs—arnica montana, calendula, borage, meadowsweet, and alfalfa—are grown on the Organic Vermont Farm during the spring and summer months, then dried and housed all year long. The complex delivers oxygen, vitamins, and nutrients for radiant and glowing skin.Which skin type is it good for?✔ Normal✔ Oily✔ Combination✔ Dry✔ SensitiveWhat it is:A universally flattering medium brown bronzer that delivers contouring and slenderizing effects with pure natural pigments.Solutions for:- Dryness- Fine lines and wrinkles- Loss of firmness and elasticityIf you want to know more… This 100 percent natural, lightweight cream formula is easily blendable and buildable for creating a wide range of bronzing effects, from a sunkissed glow to dramatic depth and definition. Infused with lightweight moisture, this matte bronzer promotes a smooth, plump look. Pair with Very Illuminating Cheek Tint for a completely contoured look.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- PhthalatesBeauty Tip: Be sure skin is freshly exfoliated to ensure the best and smoothest application. For drier skin types, moisturize before applying for best results.What else you need to know: The Tata Harper Estate Grown Beauty Complex is a blend of five nutrient dense, organic herbs that is infused into each and every one of Tata’s hand-batched products. The five herbs—arnica montana, calendula, borage, meadowsweet, and alfalfa—are grown on the Organic Vermont Farm during the spring and summer months, then dried and housed all year long. The complex delivers oxygen, vitamins, and nutrients for radiant and glowing skin.