I purchased the Matte Bronzing Veil in Desert Days – which is a light to medium color. The medium to dark is called Desert Nights in the off chance you were wondering. It is a great quality, the packaging is chic and has a good amount of pigmentation that you’d want in a bronzer. If I’m being honest though, with all the raving going on, I didn’t find that this suited my skin as much as I hoped it would.Love this bronzer for when I want that subtle bronzed look without all the shimmer. I really love it for the winter.I own Desert Days..which I received in a grab bag type purchase. It's very warm toned and very light for a bronzer. It's too light for my NC25 skin but it's a good formula with good pigmentation. I'd say if you are very fair with yellow tones, this would be a good bronzer. Swatched against all my bronzers it's most similar to PF Butter Bronzer in Light Bronzer. They are both slightly orangey IMO.I purchased the Matte Bronzing Veil in Desert Days – which is a light to medium color. The medium to dark is called Desert Nights in the off chance you were wondering. It is a great quality, the packaging is chic and has a good amount of pigmentation that you’d want in a bronzer. If I’m being honest though, with all the raving going on, I didn’t find that this suited my skin as much as I hoped it would.I purchased the Matte Bronzing Veil in Desert Days – which is a light to medium color. The medium to dark is called Desert Nights in the off chance you were wondering. It is a great quality, the packaging is chic and has a good amount of pigmentation that you’d want in a bronzer. If I’m being honest though, with all the raving going on, I didn’t find that this suited my skin as much as I hoped it would.Love this bronzer for when I want that subtle bronzed look without all the shimmer. I really love it for the winter.I purchased the Matte Bronzing Veil in Desert Days – which is a light to medium color. The medium to dark is called Desert Nights in the off chance you were wondering. It is a great quality, the packaging is chic and has a good amount of pigmentation that you’d want in a bronzer. If I’m being honest though, with all the raving going on, I didn’t find that this suited my skin as much as I hoped it would.Love this bronzer for when I want that subtle bronzed look without all the shimmer. I really love it for the winter.I own Desert Days..which I received in a grab bag type purchase. It's very warm toned and very light for a bronzer. It's too light for my NC25 skin but it's a good formula with good pigmentation. I'd say if you are very fair with yellow tones, this would be a good bronzer. Swatched against all my bronzers it's most similar to PF Butter Bronzer in Light Bronzer. They are both slightly orangey IMO.I purchased the Matte Bronzing Veil in Desert Days – which is a light to medium color. The medium to dark is called Desert Nights in the off chance you were wondering. It is a great quality, the packaging is chic and has a good amount of pigmentation that you’d want in a bronzer. If I’m being honest though, with all the raving going on, I didn’t find that this suited my skin as much as I hoped it would.I purchased the Matte Bronzing Veil in Desert Days – which is a light to medium color. The medium to dark is called Desert Nights in the off chance you were wondering. It is a great quality, the packaging is chic and has a good amount of pigmentation that you’d want in a bronzer. If I’m being honest though, with all the raving going on, I didn’t find that this suited my skin as much as I hoped it would.Love this bronzer for when I want that subtle bronzed look without all the shimmer. I really love it for the winter.I purchased the Matte Bronzing Veil in Desert Days – which is a light to medium color. The medium to dark is called Desert Nights in the off chance you were wondering. It is a great quality, the packaging is chic and has a good amount of pigmentation that you’d want in a bronzer. If I’m being honest though, with all the raving going on, I didn’t find that this suited my skin as much as I hoped it would.Love this bronzer for when I want that subtle bronzed look without all the shimmer. I really love it for the winter.I own Desert Days..which I received in a grab bag type purchase. It's very warm toned and very light for a bronzer. It's too light for my NC25 skin but it's a good formula with good pigmentation. I'd say if you are very fair with yellow tones, this would be a good bronzer. Swatched against all my bronzers it's most similar to PF Butter Bronzer in Light Bronzer. They are both slightly orangey IMO.