I am 56 years young and I do have deeper wrinkles than I'm happy with, so I thought I'd give this a try. Most but not all my wrinkles plumped up and my face feels so smooth. Im ecstatic with the results and can only hope it will last long enough to make the cost of the product less biting.this is the second time i'm reviewing this product. i guess sephora is paid by lancer to remove negative ones. but hopefully people will have the heart to let this be posted so it'll protect people's skin AND wallets. it's a novelty, gimmick product that doesn't work and will cause irritation beyond imaginable. buyer beware.So after I sold my first child I was able to afford it and I love it.I am 56 years young and I do have deeper wrinkles than I'm happy with, so I thought I'd give this a try. Most but not all my wrinkles plumped up and my face feels so smooth. Im ecstatic with the results and can only hope it will last long enough to make the cost of the product less biting.I am 56 years young and I do have deeper wrinkles than I'm happy with, so I thought I'd give this a try. Most but not all my wrinkles plumped up and my face feels so smooth. Im ecstatic with the results and can only hope it will last long enough to make the cost of the product less biting.this is the second time i'm reviewing this product. i guess sephora is paid by lancer to remove negative ones. but hopefully people will have the heart to let this be posted so it'll protect people's skin AND wallets. it's a novelty, gimmick product that doesn't work and will cause irritation beyond imaginable. buyer beware.I am 56 years young and I do have deeper wrinkles than I'm happy with, so I thought I'd give this a try. Most but not all my wrinkles plumped up and my face feels so smooth. Im ecstatic with the results and can only hope it will last long enough to make the cost of the product less biting.this is the second time i'm reviewing this product. i guess sephora is paid by lancer to remove negative ones. but hopefully people will have the heart to let this be posted so it'll protect people's skin AND wallets. it's a novelty, gimmick product that doesn't work and will cause irritation beyond imaginable. buyer beware.So after I sold my first child I was able to afford it and I love it.I am 56 years young and I do have deeper wrinkles than I'm happy with, so I thought I'd give this a try. Most but not all my wrinkles plumped up and my face feels so smooth. Im ecstatic with the results and can only hope it will last long enough to make the cost of the product less biting.I am 56 years young and I do have deeper wrinkles than I'm happy with, so I thought I'd give this a try. Most but not all my wrinkles plumped up and my face feels so smooth. Im ecstatic with the results and can only hope it will last long enough to make the cost of the product less biting.this is the second time i'm reviewing this product. i guess sephora is paid by lancer to remove negative ones. but hopefully people will have the heart to let this be posted so it'll protect people's skin AND wallets. it's a novelty, gimmick product that doesn't work and will cause irritation beyond imaginable. buyer beware.I am 56 years young and I do have deeper wrinkles than I'm happy with, so I thought I'd give this a try. Most but not all my wrinkles plumped up and my face feels so smooth. Im ecstatic with the results and can only hope it will last long enough to make the cost of the product less biting.this is the second time i'm reviewing this product. i guess sephora is paid by lancer to remove negative ones. but hopefully people will have the heart to let this be posted so it'll protect people's skin AND wallets. it's a novelty, gimmick product that doesn't work and will cause irritation beyond imaginable. buyer beware.So after I sold my first child I was able to afford it and I love it.