Couldn't love this more, beautiful, luxurious formula and best case, just LOVE IT! It's actually not badly priced at all and great to throw In your bag, worth r try dollar and ADORABLE!Very cute package! For people who think this is not worthy the money, it is LITERALLY the same price per unit with full size powder. $40 for 0.3 oz and $56 for 0.42oz do the math first please?loving the quality of this powder. it smells amazing and is so fine that it literally melts into your skin. perfect for on the go touch up. only downside is that its so tiny for 40. you can get full size powder for 55.i do hope they make this certain powder into full-sizeCouldn't love this more, beautiful, luxurious formula and best case, just LOVE IT! It's actually not badly priced at all and great to throw In your bag, worth r try dollar and ADORABLE!Couldn't love this more, beautiful, luxurious formula and best case, just LOVE IT! It's actually not badly priced at all and great to throw In your bag, worth r try dollar and ADORABLE!Very cute package! For people who think this is not worthy the money, it is LITERALLY the same price per unit with full size powder. $40 for 0.3 oz and $56 for 0.42oz do the math first please?Couldn't love this more, beautiful, luxurious formula and best case, just LOVE IT! It's actually not badly priced at all and great to throw In your bag, worth r try dollar and ADORABLE!Very cute package! For people who think this is not worthy the money, it is LITERALLY the same price per unit with full size powder. $40 for 0.3 oz and $56 for 0.42oz do the math first please?loving the quality of this powder. it smells amazing and is so fine that it literally melts into your skin. perfect for on the go touch up. only downside is that its so tiny for 40. you can get full size powder for 55.i do hope they make this certain powder into full-sizeCouldn't love this more, beautiful, luxurious formula and best case, just LOVE IT! It's actually not badly priced at all and great to throw In your bag, worth r try dollar and ADORABLE!Couldn't love this more, beautiful, luxurious formula and best case, just LOVE IT! It's actually not badly priced at all and great to throw In your bag, worth r try dollar and ADORABLE!Very cute package! For people who think this is not worthy the money, it is LITERALLY the same price per unit with full size powder. $40 for 0.3 oz and $56 for 0.42oz do the math first please?Couldn't love this more, beautiful, luxurious formula and best case, just LOVE IT! It's actually not badly priced at all and great to throw In your bag, worth r try dollar and ADORABLE!Very cute package! For people who think this is not worthy the money, it is LITERALLY the same price per unit with full size powder. $40 for 0.3 oz and $56 for 0.42oz do the math first please?loving the quality of this powder. it smells amazing and is so fine that it literally melts into your skin. perfect for on the go touch up. only downside is that its so tiny for 40. you can get full size powder for 55.i do hope they make this certain powder into full-size