This one is so beautiful, the four colors are gorgeous. It smells so good, like scent of flowers. It make my skin look perfect.Love love love this product.This is my first purchase of any of the Givenchy powders, so the packaging still seems awkward to me, but I'm getting used to it. It includes a powder puff, but you mostly need to remove it in order to really use this as suggested - I think a brush gives a much better finish and helps mix the powders better. Looks great over full foundation but not over just a CC cream for me. It's a nice option in my makeup stash, but I don't think I'd buy it again.This one is so beautiful, the four colors are gorgeous. It smells so good, like scent of flowers. It make my skin look perfect.Love love love this product.This one is so beautiful, the four colors are gorgeous. It smells so good, like scent of flowers. It make my skin look perfect.Love love love this product.This is my first purchase of any of the Givenchy powders, so the packaging still seems awkward to me, but I'm getting used to it. It includes a powder puff, but you mostly need to remove it in order to really use this as suggested - I think a brush gives a much better finish and helps mix the powders better. Looks great over full foundation but not over just a CC cream for me. It's a nice option in my makeup stash, but I don't think I'd buy it again.This one is so beautiful, the four colors are gorgeous. It smells so good, like scent of flowers. It make my skin look perfect.Love love love this product.This one is so beautiful, the four colors are gorgeous. It smells so good, like scent of flowers. It make my skin look perfect.Love love love this product.This is my first purchase of any of the Givenchy powders, so the packaging still seems awkward to me, but I'm getting used to it. It includes a powder puff, but you mostly need to remove it in order to really use this as suggested - I think a brush gives a much better finish and helps mix the powders better. Looks great over full foundation but not over just a CC cream for me. It's a nice option in my makeup stash, but I don't think I'd buy it again.