I bought the Chanel Coco liquid bath soap and decided to order the body lotion for my travel bag. When it arrived I was sent the Chanel #5 instead of the Coco fragerence. It's far too much trouble to send it back and wait for the correct item, but just lately I have not been receiving the samples I've ordered either. Especially when I order extra just to get the bonus gifts that require a minimum $ amount. I order often and a lot! I'm getting tired of not getting what I'm due. I'm only a couple hundred points from being a VUB Rouge, and if you can't send my bonuses or samples I'm entitled to, I'm going to start getting upset. Especially when I make a $104 purchase and get the wrong scent, plus no bonus I was entitled to. Get it together! I spend a lot of money on this site and am getting tiredof "out of stock" messages. Please replace the out of stock items with alternatives. But not when I'm paying $52, I expect to get what I order!I bought the Chanel Coco liquid bath soap and decided to order the body lotion for my travel bag. When it arrived I was sent the Chanel #5 instead of the Coco fragerence. It's far too much trouble to send it back and wait for the correct item, but just lately I have not been receiving the samples I've ordered either. Especially when I order extra just to get the bonus gifts that require a minimum $ amount. I order often and a lot! I'm getting tired of not getting what I'm due. I'm only a couple hundred points from being a VUB Rouge, and if you can't send my bonuses or samples I'm entitled to, I'm going to start getting upset. Especially when I make a $104 purchase and get the wrong scent, plus no bonus I was entitled to. Get it together! I spend a lot of money on this site and am getting tiredof "out of stock" messages. Please replace the out of stock items with alternatives. But not when I'm paying $52, I expect to get what I order!I bought the Chanel Coco liquid bath soap and decided to order the body lotion for my travel bag. When it arrived I was sent the Chanel #5 instead of the Coco fragerence. It's far too much trouble to send it back and wait for the correct item, but just lately I have not been receiving the samples I've ordered either. Especially when I order extra just to get the bonus gifts that require a minimum $ amount. I order often and a lot! I'm getting tired of not getting what I'm due. I'm only a couple hundred points from being a VUB Rouge, and if you can't send my bonuses or samples I'm entitled to, I'm going to start getting upset. Especially when I make a $104 purchase and get the wrong scent, plus no bonus I was entitled to. Get it together! I spend a lot of money on this site and am getting tiredof "out of stock" messages. Please replace the out of stock items with alternatives. But not when I'm paying $52, I expect to get what I order!