I absolutely love this serum. Absorbs into the eye area super quickly & keeps it really hydrated. I just dab the product under the eyes then use my fingers to gently work in the product or use a separate skin petal that's metal & aids distribution of product. I recommend if you have dry or crapey under eyes. I'm buying my third bottle of this - can't live without!This eye serum is difficult to use. You unscrew the cap and the wand is attached to the cap. The wand gets way to much serum on it making it nearly impossible to put on. You are supposed to use the wand to massage the serum on to the eye area. BIG MESS! DO NOT GET IN EYES, even though it is hard not to with the wand. Formula doesn't make a difference either. I will stick with the One Essential Eye.I absolutely love this serum. Absorbs into the eye area super quickly & keeps it really hydrated. I just dab the product under the eyes then use my fingers to gently work in the product or use a separate skin petal that's metal & aids distribution of product. I recommend if you have dry or crapey under eyes. I'm buying my third bottle of this - can't live without!I absolutely love this serum. Absorbs into the eye area super quickly & keeps it really hydrated. I just dab the product under the eyes then use my fingers to gently work in the product or use a separate skin petal that's metal & aids distribution of product. I recommend if you have dry or crapey under eyes. I'm buying my third bottle of this - can't live without!This eye serum is difficult to use. You unscrew the cap and the wand is attached to the cap. The wand gets way to much serum on it making it nearly impossible to put on. You are supposed to use the wand to massage the serum on to the eye area. BIG MESS! DO NOT GET IN EYES, even though it is hard not to with the wand. Formula doesn't make a difference either. I will stick with the One Essential Eye.I absolutely love this serum. Absorbs into the eye area super quickly & keeps it really hydrated. I just dab the product under the eyes then use my fingers to gently work in the product or use a separate skin petal that's metal & aids distribution of product. I recommend if you have dry or crapey under eyes. I'm buying my third bottle of this - can't live without!I absolutely love this serum. Absorbs into the eye area super quickly & keeps it really hydrated. I just dab the product under the eyes then use my fingers to gently work in the product or use a separate skin petal that's metal & aids distribution of product. I recommend if you have dry or crapey under eyes. I'm buying my third bottle of this - can't live without!This eye serum is difficult to use. You unscrew the cap and the wand is attached to the cap. The wand gets way to much serum on it making it nearly impossible to put on. You are supposed to use the wand to massage the serum on to the eye area. BIG MESS! DO NOT GET IN EYES, even though it is hard not to with the wand. Formula doesn't make a difference either. I will stick with the One Essential Eye.