Expensive for an eye cream but worth the investmentretinol, glycolic, arnica and hyraulonic in one cream specifically created to gentle address: fine lines. dark circles and puffiness! this cream leaves skin bright, supple and youthful looking. I love the cooling effect that occurs once put on area. and it instantly brightens the under eye. where else can you get this ingredient combo?!Have tried the cream for about a week, seems very drying and doesn't feel like it's doing much. The packaging is very well done though, the twisting pump is very convenient.Expensive for an eye cream but worth the investmentExpensive for an eye cream but worth the investmentretinol, glycolic, arnica and hyraulonic in one cream specifically created to gentle address: fine lines. dark circles and puffiness! this cream leaves skin bright, supple and youthful looking. I love the cooling effect that occurs once put on area. and it instantly brightens the under eye. where else can you get this ingredient combo?!Expensive for an eye cream but worth the investmentretinol, glycolic, arnica and hyraulonic in one cream specifically created to gentle address: fine lines. dark circles and puffiness! this cream leaves skin bright, supple and youthful looking. I love the cooling effect that occurs once put on area. and it instantly brightens the under eye. where else can you get this ingredient combo?!Have tried the cream for about a week, seems very drying and doesn't feel like it's doing much. The packaging is very well done though, the twisting pump is very convenient.Expensive for an eye cream but worth the investmentExpensive for an eye cream but worth the investmentretinol, glycolic, arnica and hyraulonic in one cream specifically created to gentle address: fine lines. dark circles and puffiness! this cream leaves skin bright, supple and youthful looking. I love the cooling effect that occurs once put on area. and it instantly brightens the under eye. where else can you get this ingredient combo?!Expensive for an eye cream but worth the investmentretinol, glycolic, arnica and hyraulonic in one cream specifically created to gentle address: fine lines. dark circles and puffiness! this cream leaves skin bright, supple and youthful looking. I love the cooling effect that occurs once put on area. and it instantly brightens the under eye. where else can you get this ingredient combo?!Have tried the cream for about a week, seems very drying and doesn't feel like it's doing much. The packaging is very well done though, the twisting pump is very convenient.