I'm glad I got to try both products, because I would only repurchase one of them. The powder works well, but the lipgloss is almost impossible to layer on top of any product. It's very sticky & goopy, which makes it hard to spread around.I've only tried the lipgloss and it's very sticky! I'm not sure how I would apply it over any color on my lip bc it would drag the color off...The Lip gloss I think is moisturizing ( a little sticky though) and I do notice it moderately creates enough blue light reflection to make teeth appear slightly whiter in photos. The powder is ok. If worn on just primer with no foundation it does what it says but with foundation it just kinda does nothing... don't like it as much as I thought and so I decided not worth keeping this. However I do recommend trying the gloss on its own not in the set. But don't expect miracles it is only enough to create a whiter effect on teeth that are mostly white already (won't work if you have bad teeth).The pictures are a bit deceptive as the actual pan of the powder is literally the size of a quarter. The powder itself is a good product and does brighten your complexion, but knowing what I know now, I'd spend the extra $7 for the full sized product. The gloss is a decent size, but the product is kinda gross. It came out very chunky and had like small powdery bits I could feel on my lips and the first time I opened it, there was a hair in it. Not impressed at all.I'm glad I got to try both products, because I would only repurchase one of them. The powder works well, but the lipgloss is almost impossible to layer on top of any product. It's very sticky & goopy, which makes it hard to spread around.I'm glad I got to try both products, because I would only repurchase one of them. The powder works well, but the lipgloss is almost impossible to layer on top of any product. It's very sticky & goopy, which makes it hard to spread around.I've only tried the lipgloss and it's very sticky! I'm not sure how I would apply it over any color on my lip bc it would drag the color off...I'm glad I got to try both products, because I would only repurchase one of them. The powder works well, but the lipgloss is almost impossible to layer on top of any product. It's very sticky & goopy, which makes it hard to spread around.I've only tried the lipgloss and it's very sticky! I'm not sure how I would apply it over any color on my lip bc it would drag the color off...The Lip gloss I think is moisturizing ( a little sticky though) and I do notice it moderately creates enough blue light reflection to make teeth appear slightly whiter in photos. The powder is ok. If worn on just primer with no foundation it does what it says but with foundation it just kinda does nothing... don't like it as much as I thought and so I decided not worth keeping this. However I do recommend trying the gloss on its own not in the set. But don't expect miracles it is only enough to create a whiter effect on teeth that are mostly white already (won't work if you have bad teeth).I'm glad I got to try both products, because I would only repurchase one of them. The powder works well, but the lipgloss is almost impossible to layer on top of any product. It's very sticky & goopy, which makes it hard to spread around.I've only tried the lipgloss and it's very sticky! I'm not sure how I would apply it over any color on my lip bc it would drag the color off...The Lip gloss I think is moisturizing ( a little sticky though) and I do notice it moderately creates enough blue light reflection to make teeth appear slightly whiter in photos. The powder is ok. If worn on just primer with no foundation it does what it says but with foundation it just kinda does nothing... don't like it as much as I thought and so I decided not worth keeping this. However I do recommend trying the gloss on its own not in the set. But don't expect miracles it is only enough to create a whiter effect on teeth that are mostly white already (won't work if you have bad teeth).The pictures are a bit deceptive as the actual pan of the powder is literally the size of a quarter. The powder itself is a good product and does brighten your complexion, but knowing what I know now, I'd spend the extra $7 for the full sized product. The gloss is a decent size, but the product is kinda gross. It came out very chunky and had like small powdery bits I could feel on my lips and the first time I opened it, there was a hair in it. Not impressed at all.I'm glad I got to try both products, because I would only repurchase one of them. The powder works well, but the lipgloss is almost impossible to layer on top of any product. It's very sticky & goopy, which makes it hard to spread around.I'm glad I got to try both products, because I would only repurchase one of them. The powder works well, but the lipgloss is almost impossible to layer on top of any product. It's very sticky & goopy, which makes it hard to spread around.I've only tried the lipgloss and it's very sticky! I'm not sure how I would apply it over any color on my lip bc it would drag the color off...I'm glad I got to try both products, because I would only repurchase one of them. The powder works well, but the lipgloss is almost impossible to layer on top of any product. It's very sticky & goopy, which makes it hard to spread around.I've only tried the lipgloss and it's very sticky! I'm not sure how I would apply it over any color on my lip bc it would drag the color off...The Lip gloss I think is moisturizing ( a little sticky though) and I do notice it moderately creates enough blue light reflection to make teeth appear slightly whiter in photos. The powder is ok. If worn on just primer with no foundation it does what it says but with foundation it just kinda does nothing... don't like it as much as I thought and so I decided not worth keeping this. However I do recommend trying the gloss on its own not in the set. But don't expect miracles it is only enough to create a whiter effect on teeth that are mostly white already (won't work if you have bad teeth).I'm glad I got to try both products, because I would only repurchase one of them. The powder works well, but the lipgloss is almost impossible to layer on top of any product. It's very sticky & goopy, which makes it hard to spread around.I've only tried the lipgloss and it's very sticky! I'm not sure how I would apply it over any color on my lip bc it would drag the color off...The Lip gloss I think is moisturizing ( a little sticky though) and I do notice it moderately creates enough blue light reflection to make teeth appear slightly whiter in photos. The powder is ok. If worn on just primer with no foundation it does what it says but with foundation it just kinda does nothing... don't like it as much as I thought and so I decided not worth keeping this. However I do recommend trying the gloss on its own not in the set. But don't expect miracles it is only enough to create a whiter effect on teeth that are mostly white already (won't work if you have bad teeth).The pictures are a bit deceptive as the actual pan of the powder is literally the size of a quarter. The powder itself is a good product and does brighten your complexion, but knowing what I know now, I'd spend the extra $7 for the full sized product. The gloss is a decent size, but the product is kinda gross. It came out very chunky and had like small powdery bits I could feel on my lips and the first time I opened it, there was a hair in it. Not impressed at all.