very moisturizing, suttle color (lolly), nice coverage. Only issue is the dispenser. At times it does not dispense gloss no matter how many times you click it. Other times it will dispense too much gloss. Overall, it's a quality product that I will repurchase.Be patient with the dispensing. A couple of clicks and wait. When it goes on the lip it feels a bit tacky but absorbs perfectly. It hydrates and plumps my lips. I use it especially before bed and wake up with perfectly soft lips.I was disappointed with this product. I found it to be very sticky. It dispensed either too much or too little gloss. Product was completely consumed in less than three weeks of once daily use. I would not purchase it again.very moisturizing, suttle color (lolly), nice coverage. Only issue is the dispenser. At times it does not dispense gloss no matter how many times you click it. Other times it will dispense too much gloss. Overall, it's a quality product that I will repurchase.very moisturizing, suttle color (lolly), nice coverage. Only issue is the dispenser. At times it does not dispense gloss no matter how many times you click it. Other times it will dispense too much gloss. Overall, it's a quality product that I will repurchase.Be patient with the dispensing. A couple of clicks and wait. When it goes on the lip it feels a bit tacky but absorbs perfectly. It hydrates and plumps my lips. I use it especially before bed and wake up with perfectly soft lips.very moisturizing, suttle color (lolly), nice coverage. Only issue is the dispenser. At times it does not dispense gloss no matter how many times you click it. Other times it will dispense too much gloss. Overall, it's a quality product that I will repurchase.Be patient with the dispensing. A couple of clicks and wait. When it goes on the lip it feels a bit tacky but absorbs perfectly. It hydrates and plumps my lips. I use it especially before bed and wake up with perfectly soft lips.I was disappointed with this product. I found it to be very sticky. It dispensed either too much or too little gloss. Product was completely consumed in less than three weeks of once daily use. I would not purchase it again.very moisturizing, suttle color (lolly), nice coverage. Only issue is the dispenser. At times it does not dispense gloss no matter how many times you click it. Other times it will dispense too much gloss. Overall, it's a quality product that I will repurchase.very moisturizing, suttle color (lolly), nice coverage. Only issue is the dispenser. At times it does not dispense gloss no matter how many times you click it. Other times it will dispense too much gloss. Overall, it's a quality product that I will repurchase.Be patient with the dispensing. A couple of clicks and wait. When it goes on the lip it feels a bit tacky but absorbs perfectly. It hydrates and plumps my lips. I use it especially before bed and wake up with perfectly soft lips.very moisturizing, suttle color (lolly), nice coverage. Only issue is the dispenser. At times it does not dispense gloss no matter how many times you click it. Other times it will dispense too much gloss. Overall, it's a quality product that I will repurchase.Be patient with the dispensing. A couple of clicks and wait. When it goes on the lip it feels a bit tacky but absorbs perfectly. It hydrates and plumps my lips. I use it especially before bed and wake up with perfectly soft lips.I was disappointed with this product. I found it to be very sticky. It dispensed either too much or too little gloss. Product was completely consumed in less than three weeks of once daily use. I would not purchase it again.