I absolutely love this stuff! sooo moisturizing and lightweight on the skin. I have acne prone skin and break out from everything, so far so good this has not broke me out. Definitely recommendThis moisturizer makes my skin so soft!! You can feel the result after a couple times using it everyday!Took a chance on this moisturizer and I'm so glad I did! I've been looking for something to combat my dry skin and I definitely found it. I've tried many other moisturizers on the market but nothing preformed like this one. I noticed results immediately. It absorbs quickly and preforms beautifully under makeup.I bought this moisturizer the second I saw it online and my dry skin is LOVING IT!!! My skin is so dry it usually gets extremely flaky and gross and since I've been applying this cream after my shower each day, my skin feels softer, smoother, AND it is no longer dry! I'll never switch to any other moisturizer again!!! Love love love it!I absolutely love this stuff! sooo moisturizing and lightweight on the skin. I have acne prone skin and break out from everything, so far so good this has not broke me out. Definitely recommendI absolutely love this stuff! sooo moisturizing and lightweight on the skin. I have acne prone skin and break out from everything, so far so good this has not broke me out. Definitely recommendThis moisturizer makes my skin so soft!! You can feel the result after a couple times using it everyday!I absolutely love this stuff! sooo moisturizing and lightweight on the skin. I have acne prone skin and break out from everything, so far so good this has not broke me out. Definitely recommendThis moisturizer makes my skin so soft!! You can feel the result after a couple times using it everyday!Took a chance on this moisturizer and I'm so glad I did! I've been looking for something to combat my dry skin and I definitely found it. I've tried many other moisturizers on the market but nothing preformed like this one. I noticed results immediately. It absorbs quickly and preforms beautifully under makeup.I absolutely love this stuff! sooo moisturizing and lightweight on the skin. I have acne prone skin and break out from everything, so far so good this has not broke me out. Definitely recommendThis moisturizer makes my skin so soft!! You can feel the result after a couple times using it everyday!Took a chance on this moisturizer and I'm so glad I did! I've been looking for something to combat my dry skin and I definitely found it. I've tried many other moisturizers on the market but nothing preformed like this one. I noticed results immediately. It absorbs quickly and preforms beautifully under makeup.I bought this moisturizer the second I saw it online and my dry skin is LOVING IT!!! My skin is so dry it usually gets extremely flaky and gross and since I've been applying this cream after my shower each day, my skin feels softer, smoother, AND it is no longer dry! I'll never switch to any other moisturizer again!!! Love love love it!I absolutely love this stuff! sooo moisturizing and lightweight on the skin. I have acne prone skin and break out from everything, so far so good this has not broke me out. Definitely recommendI absolutely love this stuff! sooo moisturizing and lightweight on the skin. I have acne prone skin and break out from everything, so far so good this has not broke me out. Definitely recommendThis moisturizer makes my skin so soft!! You can feel the result after a couple times using it everyday!I absolutely love this stuff! sooo moisturizing and lightweight on the skin. I have acne prone skin and break out from everything, so far so good this has not broke me out. Definitely recommendThis moisturizer makes my skin so soft!! You can feel the result after a couple times using it everyday!Took a chance on this moisturizer and I'm so glad I did! I've been looking for something to combat my dry skin and I definitely found it. I've tried many other moisturizers on the market but nothing preformed like this one. I noticed results immediately. It absorbs quickly and preforms beautifully under makeup.I absolutely love this stuff! sooo moisturizing and lightweight on the skin. I have acne prone skin and break out from everything, so far so good this has not broke me out. Definitely recommendThis moisturizer makes my skin so soft!! You can feel the result after a couple times using it everyday!Took a chance on this moisturizer and I'm so glad I did! I've been looking for something to combat my dry skin and I definitely found it. I've tried many other moisturizers on the market but nothing preformed like this one. I noticed results immediately. It absorbs quickly and preforms beautifully under makeup.I bought this moisturizer the second I saw it online and my dry skin is LOVING IT!!! My skin is so dry it usually gets extremely flaky and gross and since I've been applying this cream after my shower each day, my skin feels softer, smoother, AND it is no longer dry! I'll never switch to any other moisturizer again!!! Love love love it!