Feels like butter and the color saturation is spot on: not too heavy not too sheer. I bought frolic and have ordered another color because I love it so much.I bought this in smitten for my wedding two years ago and had to buy another. These products are beautiful and I definitely can't wait to try another color. These make your lips look better than what they really are.I bought this in smitten. It is a beautiful color, light pink with a subtle shine. The texture is nice too with coco scent.Feels like butter and the color saturation is spot on: not too heavy not too sheer. I bought frolic and have ordered another color because I love it so much.Feels like butter and the color saturation is spot on: not too heavy not too sheer. I bought frolic and have ordered another color because I love it so much.I bought this in smitten for my wedding two years ago and had to buy another. These products are beautiful and I definitely can't wait to try another color. These make your lips look better than what they really are.Feels like butter and the color saturation is spot on: not too heavy not too sheer. I bought frolic and have ordered another color because I love it so much.I bought this in smitten for my wedding two years ago and had to buy another. These products are beautiful and I definitely can't wait to try another color. These make your lips look better than what they really are.I bought this in smitten. It is a beautiful color, light pink with a subtle shine. The texture is nice too with coco scent.Feels like butter and the color saturation is spot on: not too heavy not too sheer. I bought frolic and have ordered another color because I love it so much.Feels like butter and the color saturation is spot on: not too heavy not too sheer. I bought frolic and have ordered another color because I love it so much.I bought this in smitten for my wedding two years ago and had to buy another. These products are beautiful and I definitely can't wait to try another color. These make your lips look better than what they really are.Feels like butter and the color saturation is spot on: not too heavy not too sheer. I bought frolic and have ordered another color because I love it so much.I bought this in smitten for my wedding two years ago and had to buy another. These products are beautiful and I definitely can't wait to try another color. These make your lips look better than what they really are.I bought this in smitten. It is a beautiful color, light pink with a subtle shine. The texture is nice too with coco scent.