In the past year, I've gone through 1 black dahlia, 1 pussycat, 1 velvet violet. I'm using my second tubes of these three colors, and my first of ruby rush and first time. The formula feels luxurious on the lips. Color payoff is true to what it is on the tube. Most of the time, my lips gets chapped and flaky with matte lipsticks, but Tom Ford is an exception. I have the Louboutin matte lipsticks and I have to say I like the Tom Ford formulation better. Black dahlia and pussycat are my two absolute faves (one for drama and the other for an everyday pink/brown.) This matte is non-drying and fades to a gorgeous stain. This is the lipstick to splurge for!Tf always the best. Ditching other brand's lipsticks already.Maybe that's a huge claim to substantiate, but Tom Ford's lipstick isn't legendary without a reason. I bought the lip color in Black Dahlia, which is a deep purple red, like Chanel's Rouge Noir. The formula is so moisturizing that I didn't even need to use lip balm, and I have terribly dry skin. No feathering! It applies gorgeously, just one swipe is loaded with color, and it won't budge once it's on. It lasted all day, and put up resistance against my face wash at the end. I haven't purchased a single Tom Ford product that I can't rave about, and I think that the lipstick is the crème de la crème of his line. It might seem pricy, but for such luxurious quality and a generous amount of product, I say it's 100% worth it!In the past year, I've gone through 1 black dahlia, 1 pussycat, 1 velvet violet. I'm using my second tubes of these three colors, and my first of ruby rush and first time. The formula feels luxurious on the lips. Color payoff is true to what it is on the tube. Most of the time, my lips gets chapped and flaky with matte lipsticks, but Tom Ford is an exception. I have the Louboutin matte lipsticks and I have to say I like the Tom Ford formulation better. Black dahlia and pussycat are my two absolute faves (one for drama and the other for an everyday pink/brown.) This matte is non-drying and fades to a gorgeous stain. This is the lipstick to splurge for!In the past year, I've gone through 1 black dahlia, 1 pussycat, 1 velvet violet. I'm using my second tubes of these three colors, and my first of ruby rush and first time. The formula feels luxurious on the lips. Color payoff is true to what it is on the tube. Most of the time, my lips gets chapped and flaky with matte lipsticks, but Tom Ford is an exception. I have the Louboutin matte lipsticks and I have to say I like the Tom Ford formulation better. Black dahlia and pussycat are my two absolute faves (one for drama and the other for an everyday pink/brown.) This matte is non-drying and fades to a gorgeous stain. This is the lipstick to splurge for!Tf always the best. Ditching other brand's lipsticks already.In the past year, I've gone through 1 black dahlia, 1 pussycat, 1 velvet violet. I'm using my second tubes of these three colors, and my first of ruby rush and first time. The formula feels luxurious on the lips. Color payoff is true to what it is on the tube. Most of the time, my lips gets chapped and flaky with matte lipsticks, but Tom Ford is an exception. I have the Louboutin matte lipsticks and I have to say I like the Tom Ford formulation better. Black dahlia and pussycat are my two absolute faves (one for drama and the other for an everyday pink/brown.) This matte is non-drying and fades to a gorgeous stain. This is the lipstick to splurge for!Tf always the best. Ditching other brand's lipsticks already.Maybe that's a huge claim to substantiate, but Tom Ford's lipstick isn't legendary without a reason. I bought the lip color in Black Dahlia, which is a deep purple red, like Chanel's Rouge Noir. The formula is so moisturizing that I didn't even need to use lip balm, and I have terribly dry skin. No feathering! It applies gorgeously, just one swipe is loaded with color, and it won't budge once it's on. It lasted all day, and put up resistance against my face wash at the end. I haven't purchased a single Tom Ford product that I can't rave about, and I think that the lipstick is the crème de la crème of his line. It might seem pricy, but for such luxurious quality and a generous amount of product, I say it's 100% worth it!In the past year, I've gone through 1 black dahlia, 1 pussycat, 1 velvet violet. I'm using my second tubes of these three colors, and my first of ruby rush and first time. The formula feels luxurious on the lips. Color payoff is true to what it is on the tube. Most of the time, my lips gets chapped and flaky with matte lipsticks, but Tom Ford is an exception. I have the Louboutin matte lipsticks and I have to say I like the Tom Ford formulation better. Black dahlia and pussycat are my two absolute faves (one for drama and the other for an everyday pink/brown.) This matte is non-drying and fades to a gorgeous stain. This is the lipstick to splurge for!In the past year, I've gone through 1 black dahlia, 1 pussycat, 1 velvet violet. I'm using my second tubes of these three colors, and my first of ruby rush and first time. The formula feels luxurious on the lips. Color payoff is true to what it is on the tube. Most of the time, my lips gets chapped and flaky with matte lipsticks, but Tom Ford is an exception. I have the Louboutin matte lipsticks and I have to say I like the Tom Ford formulation better. Black dahlia and pussycat are my two absolute faves (one for drama and the other for an everyday pink/brown.) This matte is non-drying and fades to a gorgeous stain. This is the lipstick to splurge for!Tf always the best. Ditching other brand's lipsticks already.In the past year, I've gone through 1 black dahlia, 1 pussycat, 1 velvet violet. I'm using my second tubes of these three colors, and my first of ruby rush and first time. The formula feels luxurious on the lips. Color payoff is true to what it is on the tube. Most of the time, my lips gets chapped and flaky with matte lipsticks, but Tom Ford is an exception. I have the Louboutin matte lipsticks and I have to say I like the Tom Ford formulation better. Black dahlia and pussycat are my two absolute faves (one for drama and the other for an everyday pink/brown.) This matte is non-drying and fades to a gorgeous stain. This is the lipstick to splurge for!Tf always the best. Ditching other brand's lipsticks already.Maybe that's a huge claim to substantiate, but Tom Ford's lipstick isn't legendary without a reason. I bought the lip color in Black Dahlia, which is a deep purple red, like Chanel's Rouge Noir. The formula is so moisturizing that I didn't even need to use lip balm, and I have terribly dry skin. No feathering! It applies gorgeously, just one swipe is loaded with color, and it won't budge once it's on. It lasted all day, and put up resistance against my face wash at the end. I haven't purchased a single Tom Ford product that I can't rave about, and I think that the lipstick is the crème de la crème of his line. It might seem pricy, but for such luxurious quality and a generous amount of product, I say it's 100% worth it!