this smells like E des M, but it is so faint that you might as well use unscented. i could barely smell it, and neither could anyone else. i think, for the expense, hermes could have added a little more fragrance. i returned it, as i was very disappointed. i was looking to layer my scents, but there was no layering to be had with something so anemic...I absolutely love this body cream. It is rich, hydrating and the fragrance has lasting power. It is a woodsy scent which is great for the fall and winter months. I received compliments often when I wear it.It smells nothing like the original Eau des Merveilles EDT—so sad, because I love that smell. But I should've suspected this as the Jour d'Hermes body cream doesn't smell like the perfume, but I still like its fragrance. I'm just so disappointed with the smell if this body cream.this smells like E des M, but it is so faint that you might as well use unscented. i could barely smell it, and neither could anyone else. i think, for the expense, hermes could have added a little more fragrance. i returned it, as i was very disappointed. i was looking to layer my scents, but there was no layering to be had with something so anemic...this smells like E des M, but it is so faint that you might as well use unscented. i could barely smell it, and neither could anyone else. i think, for the expense, hermes could have added a little more fragrance. i returned it, as i was very disappointed. i was looking to layer my scents, but there was no layering to be had with something so anemic...I absolutely love this body cream. It is rich, hydrating and the fragrance has lasting power. It is a woodsy scent which is great for the fall and winter months. I received compliments often when I wear it.this smells like E des M, but it is so faint that you might as well use unscented. i could barely smell it, and neither could anyone else. i think, for the expense, hermes could have added a little more fragrance. i returned it, as i was very disappointed. i was looking to layer my scents, but there was no layering to be had with something so anemic...I absolutely love this body cream. It is rich, hydrating and the fragrance has lasting power. It is a woodsy scent which is great for the fall and winter months. I received compliments often when I wear it.It smells nothing like the original Eau des Merveilles EDT—so sad, because I love that smell. But I should've suspected this as the Jour d'Hermes body cream doesn't smell like the perfume, but I still like its fragrance. I'm just so disappointed with the smell if this body cream.this smells like E des M, but it is so faint that you might as well use unscented. i could barely smell it, and neither could anyone else. i think, for the expense, hermes could have added a little more fragrance. i returned it, as i was very disappointed. i was looking to layer my scents, but there was no layering to be had with something so anemic...this smells like E des M, but it is so faint that you might as well use unscented. i could barely smell it, and neither could anyone else. i think, for the expense, hermes could have added a little more fragrance. i returned it, as i was very disappointed. i was looking to layer my scents, but there was no layering to be had with something so anemic...I absolutely love this body cream. It is rich, hydrating and the fragrance has lasting power. It is a woodsy scent which is great for the fall and winter months. I received compliments often when I wear it.this smells like E des M, but it is so faint that you might as well use unscented. i could barely smell it, and neither could anyone else. i think, for the expense, hermes could have added a little more fragrance. i returned it, as i was very disappointed. i was looking to layer my scents, but there was no layering to be had with something so anemic...I absolutely love this body cream. It is rich, hydrating and the fragrance has lasting power. It is a woodsy scent which is great for the fall and winter months. I received compliments often when I wear it.It smells nothing like the original Eau des Merveilles EDT—so sad, because I love that smell. But I should've suspected this as the Jour d'Hermes body cream doesn't smell like the perfume, but I still like its fragrance. I'm just so disappointed with the smell if this body cream.