This scent is quite strong and for some reason struck me as being quite "peppery" and somewhat masculine. It wasn't unpleasant, just different. Based on the scent, alone, I'd give this a 3 star rating, but because it's a fabulous lotion (made my dry, aging skin quite soft and smooth), I bumped it up to a 4.I love Bulgari The Rouge, Vert and Blanc. I was going to reorder The Rouge when I discovered a new fragrance The Noir. I couldn't wait to try it. However, this is nothing like the others. All I can say is it is extremely strong and odd. Perhaps its the Oud, which I read about but have never smelled before.My husband came in the room and said what is that awful smell. Recently he commented how much he liked when i wore La Vie est Belle ! I had to.wash my hands. Unfortunately this will be the first Sephora product I ever returned.This scent is quite strong and for some reason struck me as being quite "peppery" and somewhat masculine. It wasn't unpleasant, just different. Based on the scent, alone, I'd give this a 3 star rating, but because it's a fabulous lotion (made my dry, aging skin quite soft and smooth), I bumped it up to a 4.This scent is quite strong and for some reason struck me as being quite "peppery" and somewhat masculine. It wasn't unpleasant, just different. Based on the scent, alone, I'd give this a 3 star rating, but because it's a fabulous lotion (made my dry, aging skin quite soft and smooth), I bumped it up to a 4.I love Bulgari The Rouge, Vert and Blanc. I was going to reorder The Rouge when I discovered a new fragrance The Noir. I couldn't wait to try it. However, this is nothing like the others. All I can say is it is extremely strong and odd. Perhaps its the Oud, which I read about but have never smelled before.My husband came in the room and said what is that awful smell. Recently he commented how much he liked when i wore La Vie est Belle ! I had to.wash my hands. Unfortunately this will be the first Sephora product I ever returned.This scent is quite strong and for some reason struck me as being quite "peppery" and somewhat masculine. It wasn't unpleasant, just different. Based on the scent, alone, I'd give this a 3 star rating, but because it's a fabulous lotion (made my dry, aging skin quite soft and smooth), I bumped it up to a 4.This scent is quite strong and for some reason struck me as being quite "peppery" and somewhat masculine. It wasn't unpleasant, just different. Based on the scent, alone, I'd give this a 3 star rating, but because it's a fabulous lotion (made my dry, aging skin quite soft and smooth), I bumped it up to a 4.I love Bulgari The Rouge, Vert and Blanc. I was going to reorder The Rouge when I discovered a new fragrance The Noir. I couldn't wait to try it. However, this is nothing like the others. All I can say is it is extremely strong and odd. Perhaps its the Oud, which I read about but have never smelled before.My husband came in the room and said what is that awful smell. Recently he commented how much he liked when i wore La Vie est Belle ! I had to.wash my hands. Unfortunately this will be the first Sephora product I ever returned.