What it is: A light, almond oil-based spray to nourish the skin while imparting the scent of Soleil Blanc.What it does: TOM FORD introduces his first dry body oil spray. Perfect for luxurious and lightweight application, the mist absorbs quickly, nourishing skin with sweet almond oil. Lightly fragranced with TOM FORD private blend Soleil Blanc fragrance, the spray easily dispenses from any angle to cover the body.Inspired by remote private islands where summer lasts all year and one day blends seamlessly into the next, Soleil Blanc is an addictive solar floral amber alive with seductive refinement and refreshing decadence. TOM FORD’s latest private blend creation unapologetically exudes the endless pursuit of sun and luxury that defines TOM FORD Soleil.Notes: Bergamot, Cardamom Oil Orpur, Pistachio Accord, Ylang Ylang Comores Islands, Benzoin Extract Orpur, Coco De Mer Accord.Style:Unexpected. Sultry. Addictive.What it is: A light, almond oil-based spray to nourish the skin while imparting the scent of Soleil Blanc.What it does: TOM FORD introduces his first dry body oil spray. Perfect for luxurious and lightweight application, the mist absorbs quickly, nourishing skin with sweet almond oil. Lightly fragranced with TOM FORD private blend Soleil Blanc fragrance, the spray easily dispenses from any angle to cover the body.Inspired by remote private islands where summer lasts all year and one day blends seamlessly into the next, Soleil Blanc is an addictive solar floral amber alive with seductive refinement and refreshing decadence. TOM FORD’s latest private blend creation unapologetically exudes the endless pursuit of sun and luxury that defines TOM FORD Soleil.Notes: Bergamot, Cardamom Oil Orpur, Pistachio Accord, Ylang Ylang Comores Islands, Benzoin Extract Orpur, Coco De Mer Accord.Style:Unexpected. Sultry. Addictive.What it is: A light, almond oil-based spray to nourish the skin while imparting the scent of Soleil Blanc.What it does: TOM FORD introduces his first dry body oil spray. Perfect for luxurious and lightweight application, the mist absorbs quickly, nourishing skin with sweet almond oil. Lightly fragranced with TOM FORD private blend Soleil Blanc fragrance, the spray easily dispenses from any angle to cover the body.Inspired by remote private islands where summer lasts all year and one day blends seamlessly into the next, Soleil Blanc is an addictive solar floral amber alive with seductive refinement and refreshing decadence. TOM FORD’s latest private blend creation unapologetically exudes the endless pursuit of sun and luxury that defines TOM FORD Soleil.Notes: Bergamot, Cardamom Oil Orpur, Pistachio Accord, Ylang Ylang Comores Islands, Benzoin Extract Orpur, Coco De Mer Accord.Style:Unexpected. Sultry. Addictive.What it is: A light, almond oil-based spray to nourish the skin while imparting the scent of Soleil Blanc.What it does: TOM FORD introduces his first dry body oil spray. Perfect for luxurious and lightweight application, the mist absorbs quickly, nourishing skin with sweet almond oil. Lightly fragranced with TOM FORD private blend Soleil Blanc fragrance, the spray easily dispenses from any angle to cover the body.Inspired by remote private islands where summer lasts all year and one day blends seamlessly into the next, Soleil Blanc is an addictive solar floral amber alive with seductive refinement and refreshing decadence. TOM FORD’s latest private blend creation unapologetically exudes the endless pursuit of sun and luxury that defines TOM FORD Soleil.Notes: Bergamot, Cardamom Oil Orpur, Pistachio Accord, Ylang Ylang Comores Islands, Benzoin Extract Orpur, Coco De Mer Accord.Style:Unexpected. Sultry. Addictive.