I tried a lot of facial oils and was never happy. Then I tried this: non greasy, benefits your skin with the first application and smells great. Shiseido never disappoints.This oil is a godsend! Definitely one of my favorite oils in sephora...not just for the ingredients...but what this does for the skin is just incredible!Yes, this is quite an expensive product, but it was worth every penny. This is a MIRACLE oil. It makes your skin feel dramatically smoother (not to mention the wonderful fragrance).I tried a lot of facial oils and was never happy. Then I tried this: non greasy, benefits your skin with the first application and smells great. Shiseido never disappoints.I tried a lot of facial oils and was never happy. Then I tried this: non greasy, benefits your skin with the first application and smells great. Shiseido never disappoints.This oil is a godsend! Definitely one of my favorite oils in sephora...not just for the ingredients...but what this does for the skin is just incredible!I tried a lot of facial oils and was never happy. Then I tried this: non greasy, benefits your skin with the first application and smells great. Shiseido never disappoints.This oil is a godsend! Definitely one of my favorite oils in sephora...not just for the ingredients...but what this does for the skin is just incredible!Yes, this is quite an expensive product, but it was worth every penny. This is a MIRACLE oil. It makes your skin feel dramatically smoother (not to mention the wonderful fragrance).I tried a lot of facial oils and was never happy. Then I tried this: non greasy, benefits your skin with the first application and smells great. Shiseido never disappoints.I tried a lot of facial oils and was never happy. Then I tried this: non greasy, benefits your skin with the first application and smells great. Shiseido never disappoints.This oil is a godsend! Definitely one of my favorite oils in sephora...not just for the ingredients...but what this does for the skin is just incredible!I tried a lot of facial oils and was never happy. Then I tried this: non greasy, benefits your skin with the first application and smells great. Shiseido never disappoints.This oil is a godsend! Definitely one of my favorite oils in sephora...not just for the ingredients...but what this does for the skin is just incredible!Yes, this is quite an expensive product, but it was worth every penny. This is a MIRACLE oil. It makes your skin feel dramatically smoother (not to mention the wonderful fragrance).