I liked this oil but for the price I could live without it. It did make my hair look a lot healthier but there are several others that work just as well for a fraction of the cost. If they were to reduce the price of this I would use this product daily.This is the first oil I've used that actually does penetrate the hair shaft instead of sitting on it. I've tried expensive hair oils. Name it, I've tried it. I've tried Pure Aragan Oils (different brands), Moroccan Oil, Jojoba oil ( which is supposed to very similar to the sebum we produce), and many other others. This is the only oil that actually does what I've always wanted a hair oil to to do.This works. Other oils sit on your hair, but this one actually ABSORBS into your hair. I have the most dry and frizzy hair and my hair has never been shinnier and split ends mended. It doesn't even claim to mend split ends yet it does. I've never been floored by a hair-care product before. I also got the travel set to try out their shampoos/conditioners and they are equally great. My hair is so lush now. Just shocking. The only down side is that given the gardenia enfleurage, I assumed i'd get a strong gardenia scent but i don't really smell it. It just kinds adds to the palo santo scent which is still ok as unlike some reviewers, i LOVE Palo Santo! It's one of my fav essential oils and the fact that it can only be extracted from the dead branches of the tree (that can't be poached as the tree must die naturally) makes it very sacred to me...i mean, call me macabre, but how beautiful is that?Expensive, but this will last me years unless I spill it or something. I literally only need 1 drop, which I apply to my dry ends and then brush through. I've been using the Rahua line for over a year now, and along with taking vitamins, my hair looks amazing. The strands have become strong, thick and they do not break. It really does penetrate and restructure your hair over time.I liked this oil but for the price I could live without it. It did make my hair look a lot healthier but there are several others that work just as well for a fraction of the cost. If they were to reduce the price of this I would use this product daily.I liked this oil but for the price I could live without it. It did make my hair look a lot healthier but there are several others that work just as well for a fraction of the cost. If they were to reduce the price of this I would use this product daily.This is the first oil I've used that actually does penetrate the hair shaft instead of sitting on it. I've tried expensive hair oils. Name it, I've tried it. I've tried Pure Aragan Oils (different brands), Moroccan Oil, Jojoba oil ( which is supposed to very similar to the sebum we produce), and many other others. This is the only oil that actually does what I've always wanted a hair oil to to do.I liked this oil but for the price I could live without it. It did make my hair look a lot healthier but there are several others that work just as well for a fraction of the cost. If they were to reduce the price of this I would use this product daily.This is the first oil I've used that actually does penetrate the hair shaft instead of sitting on it. I've tried expensive hair oils. Name it, I've tried it. I've tried Pure Aragan Oils (different brands), Moroccan Oil, Jojoba oil ( which is supposed to very similar to the sebum we produce), and many other others. This is the only oil that actually does what I've always wanted a hair oil to to do.This works. Other oils sit on your hair, but this one actually ABSORBS into your hair. I have the most dry and frizzy hair and my hair has never been shinnier and split ends mended. It doesn't even claim to mend split ends yet it does. I've never been floored by a hair-care product before. I also got the travel set to try out their shampoos/conditioners and they are equally great. My hair is so lush now. Just shocking. The only down side is that given the gardenia enfleurage, I assumed i'd get a strong gardenia scent but i don't really smell it. It just kinds adds to the palo santo scent which is still ok as unlike some reviewers, i LOVE Palo Santo! It's one of my fav essential oils and the fact that it can only be extracted from the dead branches of the tree (that can't be poached as the tree must die naturally) makes it very sacred to me...i mean, call me macabre, but how beautiful is that?I liked this oil but for the price I could live without it. It did make my hair look a lot healthier but there are several others that work just as well for a fraction of the cost. If they were to reduce the price of this I would use this product daily.This is the first oil I've used that actually does penetrate the hair shaft instead of sitting on it. I've tried expensive hair oils. Name it, I've tried it. I've tried Pure Aragan Oils (different brands), Moroccan Oil, Jojoba oil ( which is supposed to very similar to the sebum we produce), and many other others. This is the only oil that actually does what I've always wanted a hair oil to to do.This works. Other oils sit on your hair, but this one actually ABSORBS into your hair. I have the most dry and frizzy hair and my hair has never been shinnier and split ends mended. It doesn't even claim to mend split ends yet it does. I've never been floored by a hair-care product before. I also got the travel set to try out their shampoos/conditioners and they are equally great. My hair is so lush now. Just shocking. The only down side is that given the gardenia enfleurage, I assumed i'd get a strong gardenia scent but i don't really smell it. It just kinds adds to the palo santo scent which is still ok as unlike some reviewers, i LOVE Palo Santo! It's one of my fav essential oils and the fact that it can only be extracted from the dead branches of the tree (that can't be poached as the tree must die naturally) makes it very sacred to me...i mean, call me macabre, but how beautiful is that?Expensive, but this will last me years unless I spill it or something. I literally only need 1 drop, which I apply to my dry ends and then brush through. I've been using the Rahua line for over a year now, and along with taking vitamins, my hair looks amazing. The strands have become strong, thick and they do not break. It really does penetrate and restructure your hair over time.I liked this oil but for the price I could live without it. It did make my hair look a lot healthier but there are several others that work just as well for a fraction of the cost. If they were to reduce the price of this I would use this product daily.I liked this oil but for the price I could live without it. It did make my hair look a lot healthier but there are several others that work just as well for a fraction of the cost. If they were to reduce the price of this I would use this product daily.This is the first oil I've used that actually does penetrate the hair shaft instead of sitting on it. I've tried expensive hair oils. Name it, I've tried it. I've tried Pure Aragan Oils (different brands), Moroccan Oil, Jojoba oil ( which is supposed to very similar to the sebum we produce), and many other others. This is the only oil that actually does what I've always wanted a hair oil to to do.I liked this oil but for the price I could live without it. It did make my hair look a lot healthier but there are several others that work just as well for a fraction of the cost. If they were to reduce the price of this I would use this product daily.This is the first oil I've used that actually does penetrate the hair shaft instead of sitting on it. I've tried expensive hair oils. Name it, I've tried it. I've tried Pure Aragan Oils (different brands), Moroccan Oil, Jojoba oil ( which is supposed to very similar to the sebum we produce), and many other others. This is the only oil that actually does what I've always wanted a hair oil to to do.This works. Other oils sit on your hair, but this one actually ABSORBS into your hair. I have the most dry and frizzy hair and my hair has never been shinnier and split ends mended. It doesn't even claim to mend split ends yet it does. I've never been floored by a hair-care product before. I also got the travel set to try out their shampoos/conditioners and they are equally great. My hair is so lush now. Just shocking. The only down side is that given the gardenia enfleurage, I assumed i'd get a strong gardenia scent but i don't really smell it. It just kinds adds to the palo santo scent which is still ok as unlike some reviewers, i LOVE Palo Santo! It's one of my fav essential oils and the fact that it can only be extracted from the dead branches of the tree (that can't be poached as the tree must die naturally) makes it very sacred to me...i mean, call me macabre, but how beautiful is that?I liked this oil but for the price I could live without it. It did make my hair look a lot healthier but there are several others that work just as well for a fraction of the cost. If they were to reduce the price of this I would use this product daily.This is the first oil I've used that actually does penetrate the hair shaft instead of sitting on it. I've tried expensive hair oils. Name it, I've tried it. I've tried Pure Aragan Oils (different brands), Moroccan Oil, Jojoba oil ( which is supposed to very similar to the sebum we produce), and many other others. This is the only oil that actually does what I've always wanted a hair oil to to do.This works. Other oils sit on your hair, but this one actually ABSORBS into your hair. I have the most dry and frizzy hair and my hair has never been shinnier and split ends mended. It doesn't even claim to mend split ends yet it does. I've never been floored by a hair-care product before. I also got the travel set to try out their shampoos/conditioners and they are equally great. My hair is so lush now. Just shocking. The only down side is that given the gardenia enfleurage, I assumed i'd get a strong gardenia scent but i don't really smell it. It just kinds adds to the palo santo scent which is still ok as unlike some reviewers, i LOVE Palo Santo! It's one of my fav essential oils and the fact that it can only be extracted from the dead branches of the tree (that can't be poached as the tree must die naturally) makes it very sacred to me...i mean, call me macabre, but how beautiful is that?Expensive, but this will last me years unless I spill it or something. I literally only need 1 drop, which I apply to my dry ends and then brush through. I've been using the Rahua line for over a year now, and along with taking vitamins, my hair looks amazing. The strands have become strong, thick and they do not break. It really does penetrate and restructure your hair over time.