I really love this product! My hair is shiny and healthy. It is not necessary to use much of this product. My hair is very manageable. Yes, I would recommend this product.I haven't tried this yet but will soon, as I love all of the CR products I have used thus far. I just wanted to correct another reviewer. There are NO silicones in this product. (FYI, not all silicones are bad for your hair anyway)I expected this oil to be wonderful, based on the reviews I'd read on other sites. Although my hair is medium textured and medium thick, it was way too heavy for me. It left my hair feeling very greasy and oily, even though I only used a few drops. I tried it on wet and dry hair and didn't get good results either way. It does smell very nice, but that's the only good thing I can say about it. It's also vastly overpriced given the ingredients. It seems like hair oils have become increasingly exotic in their ingredients and this one is no exception. However, it does have silicone so it's really no different from any other oil/silicone mix. I guess it's naive to think that more expensive hair products are better than average priced ones and I fell for this product hook. line, and sinker. I did try to make it work but it didn't have any positive effects on my hair at all. I think I'll stick with what I was using before. It does an awesome job at controlling frizz and nourishing my ends. I should have been satisfied and not started looking elsewhere. This product has been an epic fail for me.This is real oil so you need to use very little of it every time. It also smells very natural scented. It's my favorite hair oil.I really love this product! My hair is shiny and healthy. It is not necessary to use much of this product. My hair is very manageable. Yes, I would recommend this product.I really love this product! My hair is shiny and healthy. It is not necessary to use much of this product. My hair is very manageable. Yes, I would recommend this product.I haven't tried this yet but will soon, as I love all of the CR products I have used thus far. I just wanted to correct another reviewer. There are NO silicones in this product. (FYI, not all silicones are bad for your hair anyway)I really love this product! My hair is shiny and healthy. It is not necessary to use much of this product. My hair is very manageable. Yes, I would recommend this product.I haven't tried this yet but will soon, as I love all of the CR products I have used thus far. I just wanted to correct another reviewer. There are NO silicones in this product. (FYI, not all silicones are bad for your hair anyway)I expected this oil to be wonderful, based on the reviews I'd read on other sites. Although my hair is medium textured and medium thick, it was way too heavy for me. It left my hair feeling very greasy and oily, even though I only used a few drops. I tried it on wet and dry hair and didn't get good results either way. It does smell very nice, but that's the only good thing I can say about it. It's also vastly overpriced given the ingredients. It seems like hair oils have become increasingly exotic in their ingredients and this one is no exception. However, it does have silicone so it's really no different from any other oil/silicone mix. I guess it's naive to think that more expensive hair products are better than average priced ones and I fell for this product hook. line, and sinker. I did try to make it work but it didn't have any positive effects on my hair at all. I think I'll stick with what I was using before. It does an awesome job at controlling frizz and nourishing my ends. I should have been satisfied and not started looking elsewhere. This product has been an epic fail for me.I really love this product! My hair is shiny and healthy. It is not necessary to use much of this product. My hair is very manageable. Yes, I would recommend this product.I haven't tried this yet but will soon, as I love all of the CR products I have used thus far. I just wanted to correct another reviewer. There are NO silicones in this product. (FYI, not all silicones are bad for your hair anyway)I expected this oil to be wonderful, based on the reviews I'd read on other sites. Although my hair is medium textured and medium thick, it was way too heavy for me. It left my hair feeling very greasy and oily, even though I only used a few drops. I tried it on wet and dry hair and didn't get good results either way. It does smell very nice, but that's the only good thing I can say about it. It's also vastly overpriced given the ingredients. It seems like hair oils have become increasingly exotic in their ingredients and this one is no exception. However, it does have silicone so it's really no different from any other oil/silicone mix. I guess it's naive to think that more expensive hair products are better than average priced ones and I fell for this product hook. line, and sinker. I did try to make it work but it didn't have any positive effects on my hair at all. I think I'll stick with what I was using before. It does an awesome job at controlling frizz and nourishing my ends. I should have been satisfied and not started looking elsewhere. This product has been an epic fail for me.This is real oil so you need to use very little of it every time. It also smells very natural scented. It's my favorite hair oil.I really love this product! My hair is shiny and healthy. It is not necessary to use much of this product. My hair is very manageable. Yes, I would recommend this product.I really love this product! My hair is shiny and healthy. It is not necessary to use much of this product. My hair is very manageable. Yes, I would recommend this product.I haven't tried this yet but will soon, as I love all of the CR products I have used thus far. I just wanted to correct another reviewer. There are NO silicones in this product. (FYI, not all silicones are bad for your hair anyway)I really love this product! My hair is shiny and healthy. It is not necessary to use much of this product. My hair is very manageable. Yes, I would recommend this product.I haven't tried this yet but will soon, as I love all of the CR products I have used thus far. I just wanted to correct another reviewer. There are NO silicones in this product. (FYI, not all silicones are bad for your hair anyway)I expected this oil to be wonderful, based on the reviews I'd read on other sites. Although my hair is medium textured and medium thick, it was way too heavy for me. It left my hair feeling very greasy and oily, even though I only used a few drops. I tried it on wet and dry hair and didn't get good results either way. It does smell very nice, but that's the only good thing I can say about it. It's also vastly overpriced given the ingredients. It seems like hair oils have become increasingly exotic in their ingredients and this one is no exception. However, it does have silicone so it's really no different from any other oil/silicone mix. I guess it's naive to think that more expensive hair products are better than average priced ones and I fell for this product hook. line, and sinker. I did try to make it work but it didn't have any positive effects on my hair at all. I think I'll stick with what I was using before. It does an awesome job at controlling frizz and nourishing my ends. I should have been satisfied and not started looking elsewhere. This product has been an epic fail for me.I really love this product! My hair is shiny and healthy. It is not necessary to use much of this product. My hair is very manageable. Yes, I would recommend this product.I haven't tried this yet but will soon, as I love all of the CR products I have used thus far. I just wanted to correct another reviewer. There are NO silicones in this product. (FYI, not all silicones are bad for your hair anyway)I expected this oil to be wonderful, based on the reviews I'd read on other sites. Although my hair is medium textured and medium thick, it was way too heavy for me. It left my hair feeling very greasy and oily, even though I only used a few drops. I tried it on wet and dry hair and didn't get good results either way. It does smell very nice, but that's the only good thing I can say about it. It's also vastly overpriced given the ingredients. It seems like hair oils have become increasingly exotic in their ingredients and this one is no exception. However, it does have silicone so it's really no different from any other oil/silicone mix. I guess it's naive to think that more expensive hair products are better than average priced ones and I fell for this product hook. line, and sinker. I did try to make it work but it didn't have any positive effects on my hair at all. I think I'll stick with what I was using before. It does an awesome job at controlling frizz and nourishing my ends. I should have been satisfied and not started looking elsewhere. This product has been an epic fail for me.This is real oil so you need to use very little of it every time. It also smells very natural scented. It's my favorite hair oil.