I can use this during the day and for touch ups during nights when working sets as a dj — it's my new go-to cushion compact. I also love that unlike other compacts, it's super moisturizing. I use it with their Cicapair Tigergrass Color Correcting Cream to cover any redness.The texture feels creamy and soft on the skin and covers all of my pores perfectly leaving my skin looking super smooth. It becomes a powder texture, and that's helpful since I get really oily in my T-zone. Overall, this is great for on-the-go retouching and something I'll keep in my gym bag.I can use this during the day and for touch ups during nights when working sets as a dj — it's my new go-to cushion compact. I also love that unlike other compacts, it's super moisturizing. I use it with their Cicapair Tigergrass Color Correcting Cream to cover any redness.I can use this during the day and for touch ups during nights when working sets as a dj — it's my new go-to cushion compact. I also love that unlike other compacts, it's super moisturizing. I use it with their Cicapair Tigergrass Color Correcting Cream to cover any redness.The texture feels creamy and soft on the skin and covers all of my pores perfectly leaving my skin looking super smooth. It becomes a powder texture, and that's helpful since I get really oily in my T-zone. Overall, this is great for on-the-go retouching and something I'll keep in my gym bag.I can use this during the day and for touch ups during nights when working sets as a dj — it's my new go-to cushion compact. I also love that unlike other compacts, it's super moisturizing. I use it with their Cicapair Tigergrass Color Correcting Cream to cover any redness.I can use this during the day and for touch ups during nights when working sets as a dj — it's my new go-to cushion compact. I also love that unlike other compacts, it's super moisturizing. I use it with their Cicapair Tigergrass Color Correcting Cream to cover any redness.The texture feels creamy and soft on the skin and covers all of my pores perfectly leaving my skin looking super smooth. It becomes a powder texture, and that's helpful since I get really oily in my T-zone. Overall, this is great for on-the-go retouching and something I'll keep in my gym bag.