Purchased the full-size after receiving a free sample. I have been using Shiseido skin care exclusively for the past 15 years, but read reviews that SK is similar, but quicker with results. I use this in addition to my regular skin care routine from Shiseido (I have normal skin that becomes oily in the summer. The cream is very light-weight and smooth, SK has an excellent skin care line. These are luxury products, though, definitely not for the faint of heart. Worth every penny!The product's packaging hides the amount of actual cream inside. Within a few weeks of continued use, the pump will cease to produce any more fluid and there is no way to open the jar and scoop the rest out. Terrible.Have wanted to try this brand for quite awhile now...Very nice consistency, goes on smooth. Have not yet seen the desired results, but am holding out until I have used the entire bottle. Have seen some results, but not equal in value ...yet.Purchased the full-size after receiving a free sample. I have been using Shiseido skin care exclusively for the past 15 years, but read reviews that SK is similar, but quicker with results. I use this in addition to my regular skin care routine from Shiseido (I have normal skin that becomes oily in the summer. The cream is very light-weight and smooth, SK has an excellent skin care line. These are luxury products, though, definitely not for the faint of heart. Worth every penny!Purchased the full-size after receiving a free sample. I have been using Shiseido skin care exclusively for the past 15 years, but read reviews that SK is similar, but quicker with results. I use this in addition to my regular skin care routine from Shiseido (I have normal skin that becomes oily in the summer. The cream is very light-weight and smooth, SK has an excellent skin care line. These are luxury products, though, definitely not for the faint of heart. Worth every penny!The product's packaging hides the amount of actual cream inside. Within a few weeks of continued use, the pump will cease to produce any more fluid and there is no way to open the jar and scoop the rest out. Terrible.Purchased the full-size after receiving a free sample. I have been using Shiseido skin care exclusively for the past 15 years, but read reviews that SK is similar, but quicker with results. I use this in addition to my regular skin care routine from Shiseido (I have normal skin that becomes oily in the summer. The cream is very light-weight and smooth, SK has an excellent skin care line. These are luxury products, though, definitely not for the faint of heart. Worth every penny!The product's packaging hides the amount of actual cream inside. Within a few weeks of continued use, the pump will cease to produce any more fluid and there is no way to open the jar and scoop the rest out. Terrible.Have wanted to try this brand for quite awhile now...Very nice consistency, goes on smooth. Have not yet seen the desired results, but am holding out until I have used the entire bottle. Have seen some results, but not equal in value ...yet.Purchased the full-size after receiving a free sample. I have been using Shiseido skin care exclusively for the past 15 years, but read reviews that SK is similar, but quicker with results. I use this in addition to my regular skin care routine from Shiseido (I have normal skin that becomes oily in the summer. The cream is very light-weight and smooth, SK has an excellent skin care line. These are luxury products, though, definitely not for the faint of heart. Worth every penny!Purchased the full-size after receiving a free sample. I have been using Shiseido skin care exclusively for the past 15 years, but read reviews that SK is similar, but quicker with results. I use this in addition to my regular skin care routine from Shiseido (I have normal skin that becomes oily in the summer. The cream is very light-weight and smooth, SK has an excellent skin care line. These are luxury products, though, definitely not for the faint of heart. Worth every penny!The product's packaging hides the amount of actual cream inside. Within a few weeks of continued use, the pump will cease to produce any more fluid and there is no way to open the jar and scoop the rest out. Terrible.Purchased the full-size after receiving a free sample. I have been using Shiseido skin care exclusively for the past 15 years, but read reviews that SK is similar, but quicker with results. I use this in addition to my regular skin care routine from Shiseido (I have normal skin that becomes oily in the summer. The cream is very light-weight and smooth, SK has an excellent skin care line. These are luxury products, though, definitely not for the faint of heart. Worth every penny!The product's packaging hides the amount of actual cream inside. Within a few weeks of continued use, the pump will cease to produce any more fluid and there is no way to open the jar and scoop the rest out. Terrible.Have wanted to try this brand for quite awhile now...Very nice consistency, goes on smooth. Have not yet seen the desired results, but am holding out until I have used the entire bottle. Have seen some results, but not equal in value ...yet.