Gave this a shot for about a month, can't say I noticed much of a difference (I made sure to take before and after pics). I really did have high hopes for this product based on its ingredients and price but it just wasn't impressive enough for me.I have only been using for 2 days but upon initial usage: I like the feel, not too heavy. I like the packaging of the product, the applicator is large enough to cover the lip and surrounding area. I will update my review when I have spent more time with this product.Gave this a shot for about a month, can't say I noticed much of a difference (I made sure to take before and after pics). I really did have high hopes for this product based on its ingredients and price but it just wasn't impressive enough for me.Gave this a shot for about a month, can't say I noticed much of a difference (I made sure to take before and after pics). I really did have high hopes for this product based on its ingredients and price but it just wasn't impressive enough for me.I have only been using for 2 days but upon initial usage: I like the feel, not too heavy. I like the packaging of the product, the applicator is large enough to cover the lip and surrounding area. I will update my review when I have spent more time with this product.Gave this a shot for about a month, can't say I noticed much of a difference (I made sure to take before and after pics). I really did have high hopes for this product based on its ingredients and price but it just wasn't impressive enough for me.Gave this a shot for about a month, can't say I noticed much of a difference (I made sure to take before and after pics). I really did have high hopes for this product based on its ingredients and price but it just wasn't impressive enough for me.I have only been using for 2 days but upon initial usage: I like the feel, not too heavy. I like the packaging of the product, the applicator is large enough to cover the lip and surrounding area. I will update my review when I have spent more time with this product.