I enjoy this balm. I got vanilla and it doesn't smell much of vanilla which I like (I don't like strong scents whether they are natural or not). I like how natural and safe the ingredients are so I don't mind it getting in my mouth and inevitably eating some of it as I go about my normal activities. However, it doesn't really last a long time on the lips. I wish it was a bit thicker/waxier so it would stay put longer - it's more on the oily side than the balmy/waxy side. It's also very pricey for the amount that you get. I've had it less than a month and I feel like I've used a lot of it already even though I use it only about 2 times per day and not even everyday. I have started using it only in the evenings and before bed when I won't be eating/drinking/talking. I have used it a few times on dry skin patches on my face and it works well for that. I will probably purchase again in the cocoa scent when this runs out.I enjoy this balm. I got vanilla and it doesn't smell much of vanilla which I like (I don't like strong scents whether they are natural or not). I like how natural and safe the ingredients are so I don't mind it getting in my mouth and inevitably eating some of it as I go about my normal activities. However, it doesn't really last a long time on the lips. I wish it was a bit thicker/waxier so it would stay put longer - it's more on the oily side than the balmy/waxy side. It's also very pricey for the amount that you get. I've had it less than a month and I feel like I've used a lot of it already even though I use it only about 2 times per day and not even everyday. I have started using it only in the evenings and before bed when I won't be eating/drinking/talking. I have used it a few times on dry skin patches on my face and it works well for that. I will probably purchase again in the cocoa scent when this runs out.I enjoy this balm. I got vanilla and it doesn't smell much of vanilla which I like (I don't like strong scents whether they are natural or not). I like how natural and safe the ingredients are so I don't mind it getting in my mouth and inevitably eating some of it as I go about my normal activities. However, it doesn't really last a long time on the lips. I wish it was a bit thicker/waxier so it would stay put longer - it's more on the oily side than the balmy/waxy side. It's also very pricey for the amount that you get. I've had it less than a month and I feel like I've used a lot of it already even though I use it only about 2 times per day and not even everyday. I have started using it only in the evenings and before bed when I won't be eating/drinking/talking. I have used it a few times on dry skin patches on my face and it works well for that. I will probably purchase again in the cocoa scent when this runs out.