I've been using Phyto products for years for preventative reasons. This treatment works - like any treatment it requires commitment. I get compliments on the volume and health of my hair, but it's from continued use.I've never had better hair then I do now!! I'm heading into my 30s now and as a guy I've been worried about thinning I have 2 brothers who lost there hair at 18 I've noticed that when I put my hands in my scalp I feel baby hairs growing and it looks a lot more fuller I finished a whole box if I had the money I'd get another one.Ok this actually does what it says it does. My hair is thin and I noticed a considerable visual "thickness" with use. It's just that you have to keep using it for it to work and it's pricey. So keep that in mind before you buy. It's a great line of products for thin hair.I've been using Phyto products for years for preventative reasons. This treatment works - like any treatment it requires commitment. I get compliments on the volume and health of my hair, but it's from continued use.I've been using Phyto products for years for preventative reasons. This treatment works - like any treatment it requires commitment. I get compliments on the volume and health of my hair, but it's from continued use.I've never had better hair then I do now!! I'm heading into my 30s now and as a guy I've been worried about thinning I have 2 brothers who lost there hair at 18 I've noticed that when I put my hands in my scalp I feel baby hairs growing and it looks a lot more fuller I finished a whole box if I had the money I'd get another one.I've been using Phyto products for years for preventative reasons. This treatment works - like any treatment it requires commitment. I get compliments on the volume and health of my hair, but it's from continued use.I've never had better hair then I do now!! I'm heading into my 30s now and as a guy I've been worried about thinning I have 2 brothers who lost there hair at 18 I've noticed that when I put my hands in my scalp I feel baby hairs growing and it looks a lot more fuller I finished a whole box if I had the money I'd get another one.Ok this actually does what it says it does. My hair is thin and I noticed a considerable visual "thickness" with use. It's just that you have to keep using it for it to work and it's pricey. So keep that in mind before you buy. It's a great line of products for thin hair.I've been using Phyto products for years for preventative reasons. This treatment works - like any treatment it requires commitment. I get compliments on the volume and health of my hair, but it's from continued use.I've been using Phyto products for years for preventative reasons. This treatment works - like any treatment it requires commitment. I get compliments on the volume and health of my hair, but it's from continued use.I've never had better hair then I do now!! I'm heading into my 30s now and as a guy I've been worried about thinning I have 2 brothers who lost there hair at 18 I've noticed that when I put my hands in my scalp I feel baby hairs growing and it looks a lot more fuller I finished a whole box if I had the money I'd get another one.I've been using Phyto products for years for preventative reasons. This treatment works - like any treatment it requires commitment. I get compliments on the volume and health of my hair, but it's from continued use.I've never had better hair then I do now!! I'm heading into my 30s now and as a guy I've been worried about thinning I have 2 brothers who lost there hair at 18 I've noticed that when I put my hands in my scalp I feel baby hairs growing and it looks a lot more fuller I finished a whole box if I had the money I'd get another one.Ok this actually does what it says it does. My hair is thin and I noticed a considerable visual "thickness" with use. It's just that you have to keep using it for it to work and it's pricey. So keep that in mind before you buy. It's a great line of products for thin hair.