Wow, I was so so excited to receive this palette. The colonies are absolutely stunning, there's no denying that, but when i actually tried them out I was in for a surprise. The packaging boasts "one swipe color", well whoever wrote that never tried these lipsticks. There is no color payoff whatsoever with the nude colors and the deeper shades only after layer upon layer of product. They are super waxy and have barely any pigmentation. Don't waste your time or money on these lipsticks.This palette has every color you could ever want or need. Comfortable and moisturizing. I use Insta-matte with it to make it matte.colors are too similar and not worth 75$ but the colors are prettyWow, I was so so excited to receive this palette. The colonies are absolutely stunning, there's no denying that, but when i actually tried them out I was in for a surprise. The packaging boasts "one swipe color", well whoever wrote that never tried these lipsticks. There is no color payoff whatsoever with the nude colors and the deeper shades only after layer upon layer of product. They are super waxy and have barely any pigmentation. Don't waste your time or money on these lipsticks.Wow, I was so so excited to receive this palette. The colonies are absolutely stunning, there's no denying that, but when i actually tried them out I was in for a surprise. The packaging boasts "one swipe color", well whoever wrote that never tried these lipsticks. There is no color payoff whatsoever with the nude colors and the deeper shades only after layer upon layer of product. They are super waxy and have barely any pigmentation. Don't waste your time or money on these lipsticks.This palette has every color you could ever want or need. Comfortable and moisturizing. I use Insta-matte with it to make it matte.Wow, I was so so excited to receive this palette. The colonies are absolutely stunning, there's no denying that, but when i actually tried them out I was in for a surprise. The packaging boasts "one swipe color", well whoever wrote that never tried these lipsticks. There is no color payoff whatsoever with the nude colors and the deeper shades only after layer upon layer of product. They are super waxy and have barely any pigmentation. Don't waste your time or money on these lipsticks.This palette has every color you could ever want or need. Comfortable and moisturizing. I use Insta-matte with it to make it matte.colors are too similar and not worth 75$ but the colors are prettyWow, I was so so excited to receive this palette. The colonies are absolutely stunning, there's no denying that, but when i actually tried them out I was in for a surprise. The packaging boasts "one swipe color", well whoever wrote that never tried these lipsticks. There is no color payoff whatsoever with the nude colors and the deeper shades only after layer upon layer of product. They are super waxy and have barely any pigmentation. Don't waste your time or money on these lipsticks.Wow, I was so so excited to receive this palette. The colonies are absolutely stunning, there's no denying that, but when i actually tried them out I was in for a surprise. The packaging boasts "one swipe color", well whoever wrote that never tried these lipsticks. There is no color payoff whatsoever with the nude colors and the deeper shades only after layer upon layer of product. They are super waxy and have barely any pigmentation. Don't waste your time or money on these lipsticks.This palette has every color you could ever want or need. Comfortable and moisturizing. I use Insta-matte with it to make it matte.Wow, I was so so excited to receive this palette. The colonies are absolutely stunning, there's no denying that, but when i actually tried them out I was in for a surprise. The packaging boasts "one swipe color", well whoever wrote that never tried these lipsticks. There is no color payoff whatsoever with the nude colors and the deeper shades only after layer upon layer of product. They are super waxy and have barely any pigmentation. Don't waste your time or money on these lipsticks.This palette has every color you could ever want or need. Comfortable and moisturizing. I use Insta-matte with it to make it matte.colors are too similar and not worth 75$ but the colors are pretty