I used to use T3 hair dryers and cheaper iron flat/curler.Recently returned my T3 head shower and dryer due to quality issue (have to return them together, again they are in a package deal). Did some research about Ghd and got this package. Have to say it's AMAZING!. T3 is lighter but gives a frizzy result. But GHD is definitely make your hair shininger and smoother. GHD has kinda wired smell at the first time to use.Overall I prefer GHD over T3.Professional Performance Styler is THE BOMB! It's ready in seconds! (literally seconds!) and so easy for starter to use.I saw lots people were complaining about the reliability of it like it's dying in few months. I may post different review on it if it happened to me. But the package did WOW me for the first time to use!Let me start off by saying I have thick, super straight hair. When my old blow dryer died I decided it was time for an upgrade, and after much research settled on this set from GHD. I did not want to spend this much money, but I had been on the fence about getting a GHD flat iron for a while, and they set saved me money (although I don't know where the $474 value came in, as the iron is $249 and the blow dryer is $199, which gets $448, so I deducted a star for misleading advertising). The blow dryer seems solid, but not too heavy (I did a full blow out with no issues) and I love the heads it came with. The real star is the flat iron. I have never been able to use a flat iron to curl my hair until this one. Right when I got to work this morning my coworkers were immediately blow away and I got inundated with questions on what I did. Well worth the money, only regret not getting it sooner!I was so excited to finally purchase a GHD. I purchased the set in store through their online store after the employee helping me ensured me that the blowdryer and flatiron are international. I was relocating permanently to Australia that week and wouldn't have purchased it if it wasn't going to work on Australian voltage. I arrived and the blowdryer doesn't work at all and the flatiron shuts on and off and doesn't get very hot. I love Sephora but bummed I was misinformed and as a result wasted $400 on something I can't use.I used to use T3 hair dryers and cheaper iron flat/curler.Recently returned my T3 head shower and dryer due to quality issue (have to return them together, again they are in a package deal). Did some research about Ghd and got this package. Have to say it's AMAZING!. T3 is lighter but gives a frizzy result. But GHD is definitely make your hair shininger and smoother. GHD has kinda wired smell at the first time to use.Overall I prefer GHD over T3.Professional Performance Styler is THE BOMB! It's ready in seconds! (literally seconds!) and so easy for starter to use.I saw lots people were complaining about the reliability of it like it's dying in few months. I may post different review on it if it happened to me. But the package did WOW me for the first time to use!I used to use T3 hair dryers and cheaper iron flat/curler.Recently returned my T3 head shower and dryer due to quality issue (have to return them together, again they are in a package deal). Did some research about Ghd and got this package. Have to say it's AMAZING!. T3 is lighter but gives a frizzy result. But GHD is definitely make your hair shininger and smoother. GHD has kinda wired smell at the first time to use.Overall I prefer GHD over T3.Professional Performance Styler is THE BOMB! It's ready in seconds! (literally seconds!) and so easy for starter to use.I saw lots people were complaining about the reliability of it like it's dying in few months. I may post different review on it if it happened to me. But the package did WOW me for the first time to use!Let me start off by saying I have thick, super straight hair. When my old blow dryer died I decided it was time for an upgrade, and after much research settled on this set from GHD. I did not want to spend this much money, but I had been on the fence about getting a GHD flat iron for a while, and they set saved me money (although I don't know where the $474 value came in, as the iron is $249 and the blow dryer is $199, which gets $448, so I deducted a star for misleading advertising). The blow dryer seems solid, but not too heavy (I did a full blow out with no issues) and I love the heads it came with. The real star is the flat iron. I have never been able to use a flat iron to curl my hair until this one. Right when I got to work this morning my coworkers were immediately blow away and I got inundated with questions on what I did. Well worth the money, only regret not getting it sooner!I used to use T3 hair dryers and cheaper iron flat/curler.Recently returned my T3 head shower and dryer due to quality issue (have to return them together, again they are in a package deal). Did some research about Ghd and got this package. Have to say it's AMAZING!. T3 is lighter but gives a frizzy result. But GHD is definitely make your hair shininger and smoother. GHD has kinda wired smell at the first time to use.Overall I prefer GHD over T3.Professional Performance Styler is THE BOMB! It's ready in seconds! (literally seconds!) and so easy for starter to use.I saw lots people were complaining about the reliability of it like it's dying in few months. I may post different review on it if it happened to me. But the package did WOW me for the first time to use!Let me start off by saying I have thick, super straight hair. When my old blow dryer died I decided it was time for an upgrade, and after much research settled on this set from GHD. I did not want to spend this much money, but I had been on the fence about getting a GHD flat iron for a while, and they set saved me money (although I don't know where the $474 value came in, as the iron is $249 and the blow dryer is $199, which gets $448, so I deducted a star for misleading advertising). The blow dryer seems solid, but not too heavy (I did a full blow out with no issues) and I love the heads it came with. The real star is the flat iron. I have never been able to use a flat iron to curl my hair until this one. Right when I got to work this morning my coworkers were immediately blow away and I got inundated with questions on what I did. Well worth the money, only regret not getting it sooner!I was so excited to finally purchase a GHD. I purchased the set in store through their online store after the employee helping me ensured me that the blowdryer and flatiron are international. I was relocating permanently to Australia that week and wouldn't have purchased it if it wasn't going to work on Australian voltage. I arrived and the blowdryer doesn't work at all and the flatiron shuts on and off and doesn't get very hot. I love Sephora but bummed I was misinformed and as a result wasted $400 on something I can't use.I used to use T3 hair dryers and cheaper iron flat/curler.Recently returned my T3 head shower and dryer due to quality issue (have to return them together, again they are in a package deal). Did some research about Ghd and got this package. Have to say it's AMAZING!. T3 is lighter but gives a frizzy result. But GHD is definitely make your hair shininger and smoother. GHD has kinda wired smell at the first time to use.Overall I prefer GHD over T3.Professional Performance Styler is THE BOMB! It's ready in seconds! (literally seconds!) and so easy for starter to use.I saw lots people were complaining about the reliability of it like it's dying in few months. I may post different review on it if it happened to me. But the package did WOW me for the first time to use!I used to use T3 hair dryers and cheaper iron flat/curler.Recently returned my T3 head shower and dryer due to quality issue (have to return them together, again they are in a package deal). Did some research about Ghd and got this package. Have to say it's AMAZING!. T3 is lighter but gives a frizzy result. But GHD is definitely make your hair shininger and smoother. GHD has kinda wired smell at the first time to use.Overall I prefer GHD over T3.Professional Performance Styler is THE BOMB! It's ready in seconds! (literally seconds!) and so easy for starter to use.I saw lots people were complaining about the reliability of it like it's dying in few months. I may post different review on it if it happened to me. But the package did WOW me for the first time to use!Let me start off by saying I have thick, super straight hair. When my old blow dryer died I decided it was time for an upgrade, and after much research settled on this set from GHD. I did not want to spend this much money, but I had been on the fence about getting a GHD flat iron for a while, and they set saved me money (although I don't know where the $474 value came in, as the iron is $249 and the blow dryer is $199, which gets $448, so I deducted a star for misleading advertising). The blow dryer seems solid, but not too heavy (I did a full blow out with no issues) and I love the heads it came with. The real star is the flat iron. I have never been able to use a flat iron to curl my hair until this one. Right when I got to work this morning my coworkers were immediately blow away and I got inundated with questions on what I did. Well worth the money, only regret not getting it sooner!I used to use T3 hair dryers and cheaper iron flat/curler.Recently returned my T3 head shower and dryer due to quality issue (have to return them together, again they are in a package deal). Did some research about Ghd and got this package. Have to say it's AMAZING!. T3 is lighter but gives a frizzy result. But GHD is definitely make your hair shininger and smoother. GHD has kinda wired smell at the first time to use.Overall I prefer GHD over T3.Professional Performance Styler is THE BOMB! It's ready in seconds! (literally seconds!) and so easy for starter to use.I saw lots people were complaining about the reliability of it like it's dying in few months. I may post different review on it if it happened to me. But the package did WOW me for the first time to use!Let me start off by saying I have thick, super straight hair. When my old blow dryer died I decided it was time for an upgrade, and after much research settled on this set from GHD. I did not want to spend this much money, but I had been on the fence about getting a GHD flat iron for a while, and they set saved me money (although I don't know where the $474 value came in, as the iron is $249 and the blow dryer is $199, which gets $448, so I deducted a star for misleading advertising). The blow dryer seems solid, but not too heavy (I did a full blow out with no issues) and I love the heads it came with. The real star is the flat iron. I have never been able to use a flat iron to curl my hair until this one. Right when I got to work this morning my coworkers were immediately blow away and I got inundated with questions on what I did. Well worth the money, only regret not getting it sooner!I was so excited to finally purchase a GHD. I purchased the set in store through their online store after the employee helping me ensured me that the blowdryer and flatiron are international. I was relocating permanently to Australia that week and wouldn't have purchased it if it wasn't going to work on Australian voltage. I arrived and the blowdryer doesn't work at all and the flatiron shuts on and off and doesn't get very hot. I love Sephora but bummed I was misinformed and as a result wasted $400 on something I can't use.