I have never tried Devacurl products, but thought I'd try this as it has 4 different ones to try. Shampoo/conditioner went in fine and rinsed out with no issues. Same with the products. I did bust out my diffuser & recommend you do the same if you have one (I normally don't use one). It did give me lift and separated my curls. I could tell where I didn't use enough product, but that was my bad not the product. I did put a couple extra curls in my hair as around the front there is no wave (i have thick long "more wavy the more you go the the back" hair). It leaves the curls separated like old fashion mousse does, but less crunchy. It also does give you less frizz which is a bonus. What I did notice it it made the curl LAST! I only wash my hair twice a week. Normally I do soft beach waves. By the time I need to wash my hair it is flat. This on day 3, still had tons of curls and volume. I want to try the shampoo/conditioner separate from the other 2 products to see if it's one or the other or all combined.I have never tried Devacurl products, but thought I'd try this as it has 4 different ones to try. Shampoo/conditioner went in fine and rinsed out with no issues. Same with the products. I did bust out my diffuser & recommend you do the same if you have one (I normally don't use one). It did give me lift and separated my curls. I could tell where I didn't use enough product, but that was my bad not the product. I did put a couple extra curls in my hair as around the front there is no wave (i have thick long "more wavy the more you go the the back" hair). It leaves the curls separated like old fashion mousse does, but less crunchy. It also does give you less frizz which is a bonus. What I did notice it it made the curl LAST! I only wash my hair twice a week. Normally I do soft beach waves. By the time I need to wash my hair it is flat. This on day 3, still had tons of curls and volume. I want to try the shampoo/conditioner separate from the other 2 products to see if it's one or the other or all combined.I have never tried Devacurl products, but thought I'd try this as it has 4 different ones to try. Shampoo/conditioner went in fine and rinsed out with no issues. Same with the products. I did bust out my diffuser & recommend you do the same if you have one (I normally don't use one). It did give me lift and separated my curls. I could tell where I didn't use enough product, but that was my bad not the product. I did put a couple extra curls in my hair as around the front there is no wave (i have thick long "more wavy the more you go the the back" hair). It leaves the curls separated like old fashion mousse does, but less crunchy. It also does give you less frizz which is a bonus. What I did notice it it made the curl LAST! I only wash my hair twice a week. Normally I do soft beach waves. By the time I need to wash my hair it is flat. This on day 3, still had tons of curls and volume. I want to try the shampoo/conditioner separate from the other 2 products to see if it's one or the other or all combined.