My patchy skin is smooth and bright! What more could a girl ask for! Finally something that works as it's supposed to!I use the sample of this. Feels thick and moist but it contain mineral oil and some other strong chemicals like potassium hydroxide.I don't like mineral oil, so, save my money for something elsebeautiful bottle. silkily texture, antiaging without being oily. I like it is alcohol-free and moisturing for a serum. My complexion is brighten up after 3 weeks of use. My fine lines are less visible too.This product is amazing. I'm quite cynical about face creams that make grand promises, especially ones with names like 'ultimate regenerating serum' that cost over $200. I received a .05 oz sample of this serum, and decided to use it, as I have too many samples taking up space in my bathroom. I didn't really expect any results. The serum felt thick and kind of grainy when I squeezed it out, and after I had smoothed it out onto my face, it felt quite greasy. So initially, I wasn't impressed. The graininess does melt away, though. After about ten or fifteen minutes, the serum must have properly absorbed into my skin, because the greasiness had disappeared, and my skin felt quite pleasant and hydrated. But still, nothing spectacular. Nothing different to my usual moisturiser. However, the real results were noticeable the next morning. In the morning, my face usually feels somewhat greasy around the T-zone area and congested on the nose and chin (I've been told I have dry skin with oily surface, and I use tretinoin cream at night along with my normal moisturiser for hormonal acne along my jawline). I skipped the tretinoin cream last night, and just used this serum. This morning, my skin felt really smooth, plump, and hydrated. My skin tone appeared quite even, with no red patches. I was especially happy that those awful little congested patches on the centre of my chin and nose had also been replaced with smooth skin. So I'm really impressed with this serum, especially considering I experienced these results after using this serum for only one night. I'd really like to continue using this serum (it's still hard to reconcile with the price, though).My patchy skin is smooth and bright! What more could a girl ask for! Finally something that works as it's supposed to!My patchy skin is smooth and bright! What more could a girl ask for! Finally something that works as it's supposed to!I use the sample of this. Feels thick and moist but it contain mineral oil and some other strong chemicals like potassium hydroxide.I don't like mineral oil, so, save my money for something elseMy patchy skin is smooth and bright! What more could a girl ask for! Finally something that works as it's supposed to!I use the sample of this. Feels thick and moist but it contain mineral oil and some other strong chemicals like potassium hydroxide.I don't like mineral oil, so, save my money for something elsebeautiful bottle. silkily texture, antiaging without being oily. I like it is alcohol-free and moisturing for a serum. My complexion is brighten up after 3 weeks of use. My fine lines are less visible too.My patchy skin is smooth and bright! What more could a girl ask for! Finally something that works as it's supposed to!I use the sample of this. Feels thick and moist but it contain mineral oil and some other strong chemicals like potassium hydroxide.I don't like mineral oil, so, save my money for something elsebeautiful bottle. silkily texture, antiaging without being oily. I like it is alcohol-free and moisturing for a serum. My complexion is brighten up after 3 weeks of use. My fine lines are less visible too.This product is amazing. I'm quite cynical about face creams that make grand promises, especially ones with names like 'ultimate regenerating serum' that cost over $200. I received a .05 oz sample of this serum, and decided to use it, as I have too many samples taking up space in my bathroom. I didn't really expect any results. The serum felt thick and kind of grainy when I squeezed it out, and after I had smoothed it out onto my face, it felt quite greasy. So initially, I wasn't impressed. The graininess does melt away, though. After about ten or fifteen minutes, the serum must have properly absorbed into my skin, because the greasiness had disappeared, and my skin felt quite pleasant and hydrated. But still, nothing spectacular. Nothing different to my usual moisturiser. However, the real results were noticeable the next morning. In the morning, my face usually feels somewhat greasy around the T-zone area and congested on the nose and chin (I've been told I have dry skin with oily surface, and I use tretinoin cream at night along with my normal moisturiser for hormonal acne along my jawline). I skipped the tretinoin cream last night, and just used this serum. This morning, my skin felt really smooth, plump, and hydrated. My skin tone appeared quite even, with no red patches. I was especially happy that those awful little congested patches on the centre of my chin and nose had also been replaced with smooth skin. So I'm really impressed with this serum, especially considering I experienced these results after using this serum for only one night. I'd really like to continue using this serum (it's still hard to reconcile with the price, though).My patchy skin is smooth and bright! What more could a girl ask for! Finally something that works as it's supposed to!My patchy skin is smooth and bright! What more could a girl ask for! Finally something that works as it's supposed to!I use the sample of this. Feels thick and moist but it contain mineral oil and some other strong chemicals like potassium hydroxide.I don't like mineral oil, so, save my money for something elseMy patchy skin is smooth and bright! What more could a girl ask for! Finally something that works as it's supposed to!I use the sample of this. Feels thick and moist but it contain mineral oil and some other strong chemicals like potassium hydroxide.I don't like mineral oil, so, save my money for something elsebeautiful bottle. silkily texture, antiaging without being oily. I like it is alcohol-free and moisturing for a serum. My complexion is brighten up after 3 weeks of use. My fine lines are less visible too.My patchy skin is smooth and bright! What more could a girl ask for! Finally something that works as it's supposed to!I use the sample of this. Feels thick and moist but it contain mineral oil and some other strong chemicals like potassium hydroxide.I don't like mineral oil, so, save my money for something elsebeautiful bottle. silkily texture, antiaging without being oily. I like it is alcohol-free and moisturing for a serum. My complexion is brighten up after 3 weeks of use. My fine lines are less visible too.This product is amazing. I'm quite cynical about face creams that make grand promises, especially ones with names like 'ultimate regenerating serum' that cost over $200. I received a .05 oz sample of this serum, and decided to use it, as I have too many samples taking up space in my bathroom. I didn't really expect any results. The serum felt thick and kind of grainy when I squeezed it out, and after I had smoothed it out onto my face, it felt quite greasy. So initially, I wasn't impressed. The graininess does melt away, though. After about ten or fifteen minutes, the serum must have properly absorbed into my skin, because the greasiness had disappeared, and my skin felt quite pleasant and hydrated. But still, nothing spectacular. Nothing different to my usual moisturiser. However, the real results were noticeable the next morning. In the morning, my face usually feels somewhat greasy around the T-zone area and congested on the nose and chin (I've been told I have dry skin with oily surface, and I use tretinoin cream at night along with my normal moisturiser for hormonal acne along my jawline). I skipped the tretinoin cream last night, and just used this serum. This morning, my skin felt really smooth, plump, and hydrated. My skin tone appeared quite even, with no red patches. I was especially happy that those awful little congested patches on the centre of my chin and nose had also been replaced with smooth skin. So I'm really impressed with this serum, especially considering I experienced these results after using this serum for only one night. I'd really like to continue using this serum (it's still hard to reconcile with the price, though).